

Westlaw Delivery Summary Report for WIEDERSTEIN,ROBE 
Your Search:                   JU(Boyle) & DA(AFT 1820 & BEF 1830)

Date/Time of Request:          Tuesday, September 23, 2014 19:17 Central

Client Identifier:             RKW

Database:                      KY-CS

Lines:                         297

Documents:                     3

Images:                        0


The material accompanying this summary is subject to copyright. Usage is governed by contract with Thomson Reuters, West and their affiliates. 

                                                      

3 T.B.Mon. 342, 19 Ky. 342, 1826 WL 1310 (Ky.)

(Cite as: 3 T.B.Mon. 342,  19 Ky. 342 (Ky.),  1826 WL 1310 (Ky.))



C
                            Court of Appeals of Kentucky.

                                   Fant & Catlett

                                         v.

                                       Wilson.

                                   Oct. 20, 1826.

   *1 Executions. Sheriff's Sales. Sale Bonds. Replevin Bonds.

   APPEAL FROM THE UNION CIRCUIT; ALNEY M'LEAN, JUDGE.

                                   West Headnotes

Execution 161 k 227

161 Execution

     161XI Sale

          161XI(A) Manner, Conduct, and Validity

               161k227 k. Terms and Conditions. Most Cited  Cases

   Where an execution is indorsed to be satisfied with bank notes, the sale shall
be for money.

Execution 161 k 233

161 Execution

     161XI Sale

          161XI(A) Manner, Conduct, and Validity

               161k232 Payment of Bid

                    161k233 k. In General. Most Cited  Cases

   Where the property under execution sells on credit for more than the demand, if
the sheriff takes one bond for the whole sum to plaintiff, instead of taking a
separate bond for the overplus to defendant, plaintiff or defendant may have the
bond quashed, but the obligor cannot.

Execution 161 k 233

161 Execution

     161XI Sale

          161XI(A) Manner, Conduct, and Validity

               161k232 Payment of Bid

                    161k233 k. In General. Most Cited  Cases

   If the property sell on a credit for more than the demand, a separate bond
shall be taken for the overplus to the defendant.



OPINION OF THE COURT, BY CH. J. BOYLE.

   Statement of the facts.

   On an execution, in favor of Wilson against Davenport, endorsed that paper of
the Bank of Kentucky, or of the Bank of the Commonwealth, would be received in
discharge of the execution, the sheriff took and sold a mulatto woman and child,
the property of Davenport, for more than was sufficient to satisfy the execution,
and Fant became the purchaser, who together with Catlett, as his surety, executed
a bond to Wilson, conditioned to pay to him the amount due on the execution, and
to Davenport the balance for which the slave sold.

   The execution being, together with the bond, returned to the clerk's office of
the Union circuit court whence it had issued, Fant and Catlett moved that court to
quash the bond for defects on its face; but the court overruled the motion, and
they have appealed to this court.

   Motion to quash a sale bond--overruled.

   The bond was, no doubt, improperly taken by the sheriff. The execution having
been endorsed, that paper would be received in discharge of it, the law required
the sheriff to sell for money, and not upon a credit.

   Where the execution is endorsed for bank notes, the sale shall be for money.

   And even if it had been proper to sell on credit a separate bond, should have
been taken to Davenport, the defendant in the execution, for so much as the slaves
sold for more than was sufficient to discharge the execution.

   If the property under execution, sell on credit for more than the demand, a
separate bond shall be taken by the sheriff, for the overplus to defendant--

   Had the plaintiff or defendant in the execution, therefore, applied to the
court to quash the bond, their application might, no doubt, with propriety have
been sustained, because the sale upon credit and the manner of taking the bond
operated to their prejudice.

   *2 But it does not follow that the motion of the obligors in the bond, to quash
it, ought to be sustained. They executed it voluntarily, and there is nothing on
the face of the bond, or in the nature of the transaction to show that it ought to
be binding upon them.

   --If in such case, one bond be taken for all to plaintiff, he or defendant may
have it quashed--

   --But obligors can not have their bond quashed for such cause nor because the
sale ought to have been for money.

   There is no statutory provision, making such a bond void, and we are aware of
no principle of the common law which renders it so.

   Whether the bond can, under the provisions of the laws of this state, have the
effect of a judgment on which an execution might be issued, is a question we need
not examine, and to decide it, would perhaps be extra judicial; for the motion is
to quash not an execution issued upon the bond, but the bond itself; and although
the bond be not such as could have the effect of a judgment, yet as it is not made
void by statute, and is not so upon the principles of the common law, it is
evident that an action to coerce its performance, may be sustained on it against
the obligors.

   To quash it, however, would destroy this remedy, and to do so in this summary
mode, would be obviously improper, especially as the motion was made to quash the
bond without quashing the sale, for it is apparent, if the bond were quashed
without quashing the sale also, the plaintiff in the execution would not only be
without a remedy upon the bond, but as the sale would be in force, he would be
without the means of coercing his judgment.

   Though the bond taken by the sheriff for property which ought to have been sold
for money, may not be a judgment, yet it may be good at common law, and therefore
ought not to be quashed on defendant's motion--

   --For afterwards, no action would lie on it--

   --Quashing the bond does not of course vacate the sale--

   --If the sale bond be quashed, without setting aside the sale, plaintiff is
without remedy.

   We are aware, that there are cases in which the obligors in replevin bonds have
been allowed to sustain motions to quash such bonds, and no doubt, this may be
correctly done, either where there is no judgment, or where there is a substantial
variance, either between the execution on which the bond is taken and the
judgment, or between the execution and the bond.

   For the first case, there being no judgment, the issuing the execution would be
an evident abuse of the process of the law, and it is the duty of the court to
superintend its process, and correct any abuse that may be made of it. Besides the
execution as against the plaintiff in it would be, in such case, merely void, and
of course the replevin bond, taken in virtue of it, would be void, or at least
voidable.

   And in either of the other cases supposed of a substantial variance between the
execution, on which the replevin bond is taken, and the judgment, or between the
execution and the bond, though there would not be such a contemptuous and palpable
abuse of legal process, as in the case where there was no judgment, yet as the
defendant in the execution would be in danger of being pursued, as well upon the
original judgment as upon the bond, the latter ought not to be permitted to remain
in force.

   *3 Obligors in replevin bonds, may have them quashed--

   --where there is no judgment.--Where the execution is substantially variant
from the judgment___and where the bond is substantially variant from the
execution.

   So in the case of a sale bond, given by a purchaser of land sold under
execution, it may be proper to sustain his motion to quash the bond, either where
there is no judgment, or the execution is essentially variant from the judgment,
for in either case, as land can only be sold in satisfaction of a judgment, his
title under the purchase would not be good, and he ought not to be bound to pay
for that which he could not hold.

   But here the bond in question is not a replevin bond, nor a sale bond for land,
nor is the motion to quash it made upon the ground that there is no judgment, or
of a variance between the execution and the judgment, or between the execution and
the bond, but solely on the ground of defects apparent on the face of the bond.

   Obligor in a bond for land purchased under execution, may quash it for want of
a judgment, or for variance between this and the fi. fa.

   Judgment affirmed with costs.

Crittenden and Triplett, for appellants.


Ky.App. 1826.

Fant v. Wilson

3 T.B.Mon. 342, 19 Ky. 342, 1826 WL 1310 (Ky.)

END OF DOCUMENT


                                                      

3 T.B.Mon. 341, 19 Ky. 341, 1826 WL 1309 (Ky.)

(Cite as: 3 T.B.Mon. 341,  19 Ky. 341 (Ky.),  1826 WL 1309 (Ky.))



C
                            Court of Appeals of Kentucky.

                                       Chiles

                                         v.

                                        Calk.

                                   Oct. 19, 1826.

   *1 Bonds for Costs. Conditions. Breaches.

   ERROR TO THE MONTGOMERY CIRCUIT; SILAS W. ROBBINS, JUDGE.

                                   West Headnotes

Costs 102 k 145

102 Costs

     102VI Security for Costs;  Proceedings in Forma Pauperis

          102k145 k. Actions on Bonds, Undertakings, or Recognizances. Most Cited
Cases

   In declaring on a bond, conditioned to pay to the officers of the court the
fees to which the obligee shall become liable, it is not a good assignment of a
breach if it be alleged that the obligor failed to pay the fees to the obligee.


OPINION OF THE COURT, BY CH. J. BOYLE.

   The breach of the condition of the bond alleged in the declaration, is plainly
insufficient. The condition of the bond is awkwardly expressed, but the fairest
and indeed the only sensible construction which can be placed upon it, is to give
it the effect of a stipulation on the part of the obligor to pay to the officers
of the court, the fees to which Calk the defendant in the ejectment, referred to
in the condition of the bond, should become liable. But the declaration alleges
the breach in a failure to pay the fees to Calk, and not in a failure to pay them
to the officers of the court, and the allegation might, therefore, be true, and
yet there might be no breach of the condition of the bond; for the failure to pay
the fees to Calk, does not necessarily imply a failure to pay them to the officers
of the court.

   Condition of a bond for costs, to pay the officers of the court their fees to
which defendant might be liable, is not broken by a failure to pay the fees to
obligee; and such an assignment of breach is insufficient.

   There are other irregularities in the subsequent proceedings of the cause, but
as the declaration is insufficient, and the judgment in favor of Calk on that
account erroneous, it seems unnecessary to notice the subsequent irregularities.


   The judgment must be reversed with costs, and the cause be remanded, for new
proceedings to be had, not inconsistent herewith.

Mayes, for plaintiff; Triplett, for defendant.


Ky.App. 1826.

Chiles v. Calk

3 T.B.Mon. 341, 19 Ky. 341, 1826 WL 1309 (Ky.)

END OF DOCUMENT


                                                      

3 T.B.Mon. 327, 19 Ky. 327, 1826 WL 1305 (Ky.)

(Cite as: 3 T.B.Mon. 327,  19 Ky. 327 (Ky.),  1826 WL 1305 (Ky.))



C
                            Court of Appeals of Kentucky.

                                     Jenkins &c.

                                         v.

                                      Jenkins.

                                   Oct. 18, 1826.

   *1 Deeds. Rescission of Contracts. Non Compos Mentis. Fraud. Consideration.
Onus Probandi. Answer.

   APPEAL FROM THE GARRARD CIRCUIT; JOHN L. BRIDGES, JUDGE.

                                   West Headnotes

Deeds 120 k 19

120 Deeds

     120I Requisites and Validity

          120I(A) Nature and Essentials of Conveyances in General

               120k14 Consideration

                    120k19 k. Failure of Consideration. Most Cited  Cases

   A., after the death of his son, conveyed to B. and C., the widow and daughter
of his son, his land and furniture, in consideration of their agreement to reside
with him during his life.  Held, that on their abandoning him he might have the
deed set aside for failure of consideration.

Evidence 157 k 96(1)

157 Evidence

     157III Burden of Proof

          157k96 Matters of Defense and Rebuttal

               157k96(1) k. In General. Most Cited Cases

   Pleas setting up affirmative defenses impose the burden of proof as to such
defenses on defendant.


OPINION OF THE COURT, BY CH. J. BOYLE.

   On the 18th of January, 1822, Jonathan Jenkins, by a deed of that date,
conveyed, together with all his household and kitchen furniture, the tract of land
on which he lived, containing 424 acres, except 50 acres including the
improvements whereon his son David resided, to his daughter in law, Polly F.
Jenkins and her daughter Lucy M. Jenkins, with a stipulation, that the conveyance
was not to take effect during his life, or that of his wife.


   Deed of conveyance by appellee to appellants.

   The deed purports to be made in consideration of the love and affection he bore
to his daughter in law and her child, and in consideration of her agreeing to
remain in his family during his life, and to render such superintendance over his
domestic affairs, as she might deem proper and necessary, and for the benefit of
her company and society, and for the additional consideration of one dollar to him
in hand paid.

   Consideration.

   To set aside, and cancel this deed, he filed his bill in chancery on the 22d of
July, 1822, making his daughter in law, and her child defendants.

   Bill of the grantor to set aside the deed.

   The grounds, upon which he seeks to obtain a cancelment of the deed, may be
briefly stated to be 1st, his incapacity arising from his old age, and from the
deep distress and distraction of his mind, occasioned by the recent death of his
son, his youngest child and only one who lived with him; 2d, the artifice and
fraud of some of the friends of the defendant, whereby availing themselves of his
affliction and incapacity for business, they procured him to execute the deed; and
3d, the failure of the defendant Polly, to remain with her child in his family and
afford him the benefit of her services and the comfort of her society and that of
her child.

   In her answer, the defendant Polly, denies the incapacity of the complainant to
make the deed, and the artifice and fraud charged upon her friends, in procuring
him to do so, and she avers that she wished to live with him and endeavored to
make herself agreeable to him and his wife; but that soon after the execution of
the deed, he manifested his discontent towards her, and his dissatisfaction with
the deed of conveyance to her and her child; and she alleges, that it was with his
consent and upon his recommendation, that she left his home and returned to her
father's to live.

   *2 Answer of appellants.

   The circuit court on a final hearing of the cause, decreed the cancelment of
the deed, and from that decree, the defendants have appealed to this court.

   Decree of the circuit court for the cancelment of the deed.

   It is quite clear, that the decree of the circuit court can not be sustained
upon the ground of the incapacity of the complainant. If at the time of the
execution of the deed, he had been in such a state of utter alienation, or
derangement of mind, as to render him incapable of disposing of his estate or
binding himself by his contract, though his representatives after his death, might
in that case, have availed themselves of his incapacity, to set aside the deed,
yet it may well be doubted, whether he himself could do so. The case made out by
the proof, does not, however, require us to decide that point.

   Query--Whether one who, in a state of mental incapacity, executes a deed, can
after his recovery, have it canceled in equity--

   --His heirs may.

   The complainant was indeed old, and his mind, weakened by age, was no doubt
much depressed by the affiiction occasioned by the recent death of his son, but
the evidence does not justify the conclusion that there was such a derangement or
destitution of his intellect, as to render him legally incapable of disposing of
his estate, or of binding himself by his contract, and how weak soever, his mind
may have been, if it did not amount to a legal incapacity, it can not per se, be a
ground, for setting aside his deed.

   Determined on the evidence that the grantor was compos mentis.

   Nor do we apprehend the decree can be sustained upon the ground of the artifice
and fraud, with which he has charged the friends of the defendant, in procuring
the deed. Upon a mind disposed, to look with jealousy upon the transaction, some
suspicion of the truth of the charge, might be impressed from a perusal of the
evidence; but it could be nothing more than a suspicion. It could not amount to a
probability of even the lowest degree, and less than that certainly would not
authorize a cancelment of the deed on the ground of fraud.

   Allegations of fraud in the procurement of the deed, decided against on the
evidence.

   There is, however, firmer ground for the decree of the circuit court to rest
on, in the failure of the defendant, Polly, to remain with her child, in the
family of the complainant, and afford him and his wife the benefit of her services
and the comfort of her society and that of her child.

   The fact, that she did not remain in the family of the complainant, but
returned to her father's to live, shortly after the execution of the deed, is
indisputable. She does not, in her answer, pretend to deny it, but she alleges,
that the complainant consented to it. His consent, if it were given, is an
affirmative fact, capable of proof, and to avoid the effect of her failure to
perform her part of the agreement in this respect, she ought to have proved it.
But she has produced no satisfactory evidence of the fact. On the contrary, her
fixed determination, not to live with the complainant, is evinced not only by her
conduct, but by her repeated declarations, for she does not appear to have ever
made any serious attempt to do so, and to different persons, and on different
occasions, she has been heard to say, that she could not live contentedly with
him, and would not. The other considerations mentioned in the deed, are no doubt,
in themselves, sufficient to support the conveyance; but her agreement to remain
in his family, affording him the benefit of her service and the comfort of her
society, and that of her child, was evidently a leading inducement ot the
complainant, to execute the deed, and it is inferable, that without the hope of a
fulfilment of her agreement in this respect, and the consequent anticipation of
being thus relieved from the attitude in which he would otherwise be left, and of
enjoying those feelings of affection generated by her connection with his favorite
son, and rendered habitual by her residence with him for some years, he would not
have entered into the contract, or made the conveyance.

   *3 An aged man, after the death of his favorite son, who had resided with him,
conveys to his widow and her infant daughter, his land and household furniture, to
take effect after his death, in consideration of love and affection, and her
agreement to reside with him and his wife durng his life; shortly after she
abandons them--held that he may have the deed set aside for a failure of the
leading consideration.

   In such case she having admitted the abandonment, and alleged that it was by
his consent, she must prove the consent.

   The decree must be affirmed with costs.

Crittenden, for appellants; Robertson, for appellee.


Ky.App. 1826.

Jenkins v. Jenkins

3 T.B.Mon. 327, 19 Ky. 327, 1826 WL 1305 (Ky.)

END OF DOCUMENT


               © 2014 Thomson Reuters. No Claim to Orig. US Gov. Works.

