 Judge WALLACE absent. THIS was an action upon the case for a deceit. The plaintiff in the action alleges in substance, that on the 7th day of September, 1809, he gave to the defendant his obligation, to deliver by the 25th of December next thereafter, a negro man, between the age of 16 and 25, equal in value to a negro man by the name of Moses, belonging to James M'Callister; that at the time of executing the obligation, the plaintiff knew nothing of Moses, or his value; that the defendant well knowing the value of Moses, artfully, deceitfully and with an intent to induce the plaintiff to enter into the contract, represented to him that Moses was at most not worth more than $450, when in truth and in fact he was worth $500; that the plaintiff, relying with confidence upon the representation of the defendant, was induced thereby to enter into the said obligation; that intending to be faithful in the performance of his contract, the plaintiff procured and tendered to the defendant a negro man, who, from the representations made by the defendant, of Moses, was equal in value to him?? and in every other particular answering the description required by the contract; but that the defendant refused to receive him, alleging him to be of less value than Moses: that the defendant afterward commenced an action against him, the plaintiff, on his obligation, and on the trial gave evidence that Moses was of the value of $500, and recovered a verdict and judgment accordingly; which judgment has been fully paid and satisfied. By means of all which premises the plaintiff avers he hath been damaged, and therefore sues. The defendant pleaded not guilty, upon which issue was joined, and the plaintiff had a verdict and judgment; to reverse which this writ of error is prosecuted by the defendant. The only point which will be necessary to be decided is, whether the declaration contains matters sufficient in law to maintain the action? The misrepresentation of the value of Moses, is the gist of the action. That a misrepresentation or suggestion of a falsehood with respect to a fact of this kind, whereby another is deceived, is a violation of good faith, and consequently a deviation from the rules of moral rectitude, must be admitted. It however does not necessarily follow, that it is sufficient to induce a right of action. There are many instances in which a person may be guilty of a moral delinquency, without incurring alegal responsibility; forlegal obligations are necessarily more circumscribed in their nature than moral duties. Fides servanda is indeed a rule of law, as well as of morality, and will be rigorously enforced in favor of one who is chargeable with no culpable negligence or inattention to his own interest. But to one so chargeable, the law will not afford relief. Thus it has been decided, that no relief lies against a vendor for having falsely affirmed that a person bid a particular sum for the estate, although the vendee was thereby induced to purchase, and was deceived in the value of the estate FN(a)--Sug. 3, 1 Com. Dig. 243, and 1 Roll. Abr. 101, 1 Sid. 146 there cited. Nor will an action lie for a false affirmation of value, as if the seller affirms that lands or jewels are of so much value, when they are not; for it is deemed the purchaser's own folly to credit a nude assertion of that nature. Besides, value consists in judgment and estimation, in which many men may differ--See the authorities before cited. These cases have always been considered good law, and in principle they are not distinguishable from the one before the Court. The law does not deny its aid in such case, because it looks upon a want of candor and sincerity with indulgence, but because it will not encourage that indolence and inattention, which are no less pernicious to the interest of society. A diligent attention to our own concerns, as well as good faith to others, is a virtue; and the law, while it recognizes the rules which tend to preserve the latter, at the same time is careful to guard the principles which prompt to the exercise of the former. With respect to points plainly within the reach of every man's observation and judgment, and where an ordinary attention would be sufficient to guard against imposition, the want of such attention is, to say the least, an inexcusable negligence. To one thus supinely inattentive to his own concerns, and improvidently and credulously confiding in the naked and interested assertions of another, the maxim "vigilantibus non dormientibus jura subveniunt," emphatically applies, and opposes an insuperable objection to his obtaining the aid of the law. FN(a). Vide acc. 2 Croke, Bayley v. Merrel, 386--2 Caine's N. Y. Rep., Sexias v Wood, 48--Salk., 211; Yelverton, 20; Bull. N. P., 31--1 Fonb. ?? 579, note h--Gimblin v. Harrison, Pr. Dec., 372. *2 The ignorance of the plaintiff in this case with respect to the value of Moses, adds no strength to his claim. Moses belonged to a third person, and for aught that appears was as accessible to the plaintiff as the defendant. Besides, if it were the intention of the parties that the plaintiff should not have been bound to deliver a negro of greater value than he alleges the defendant represented Moses, it was easy to have made his engagement according to a stipulated price, instead of referring to an uncertain standard, of which he was ignorant; and not to have done so must be ascribed to a want of that vigilance and attention which all men ought to bestow upon their own affairs. The declaration therefore shows no cause of action, and the judgment is consequently erroneous, and must be reversed. 
