 *1 WE are of opinion that the Court below erred in not permitting the plaintiff in error, who was defendant in that Court, to amend his answer. The cause stood upon the bill and answer without replication, and in such a case the right of the defendant to amend his answer is expressly given by an act of Assembly of 1802--See  3 Little, p. 20. This right, we apprehend, is not taken away or curtailed by the act concerning proceedings in suits at law and in chancery, approved January 30th, 1811, (4 Little 260, s 2), by which suits in chancery are permitted to stand for trial upon bill and answer without replication. By the statute of 1802, the defendant has a right to amend his answer before replication. Prior to the passage of the latter act, the complainant might, without replying to the defendant's answer, have set the cause for hearing; but in such case, as the answer was not traversed, it would be taken as true; whereas by the act of 1811 such a consequence would not follow: and this, it is believed, is the only effect which that act can have. It is true that the defendant also applied for a continuance of the cause, for which no reason is shown; but his application for that to which he had no just claim ought not to have produced a rejection of that to which he had by law a right. Had the amendment been wholly immaterial, the defendant could not have been prejudiced by its rejection, and would therefore have had no right to complain; but it is apparent that the amendment was material, inasmuch as its object was to introduce an original paper evidencing the contract about which the controversy arose, a copy of which only had been made an exhibit in the original answer, to the use of which as evidence the complainant had filed a notice that he would except. The act of 1811, which dispenses with replication, changes the rule of taking the answers as true where there is no replication. But does not take away the right of the defendant to amend before replication filed. There was indeed no deposition in the cause by which the genuineness or identity of the original paper was proven; but this circumstance does not show that the amendment was not material: for if the paper had been made an exhibit, it might have been proven on the trial by viva voce evidence. Exhibits may be proved viva voce on the hearing in chancery--Acc. Barnes v. Lee, vol. 1, 528. The decree must be reversed, the cause remanded to the Court below, and the defendant in that Court have leave to file his amended answer. 
