 *1 JAMES GUTHRIE having located for George James 8000 acres of land, the latter on the 28th of March, 1783, executed to the former a writing to convey to him one fourth of the land. Sometime in the same year or the next thereafter, it was verbally agreed between them that Guthrie should have 3000 acres lying on the Rolling fork, below the mouth of Prather's creek, for his services as locator. On the 24th of April, 1786, James sold the said 3000 acres to William and Claibourn Duvall, as trustees for Samuel Duvall, for the consideration of 600l. and executed a deed of conveyance therefor, which has never been proven and recorded. On the 12th of October, 1802, Guthrie having previously been informed of the deed from James to the Duvalls, received from James an instrument of writing, in which the latter bound himself to convey to Guthrie within one year the 3000 acres before mentioned, or on failure to do so to pay the value of his right. A verbal contract respecting lands, in 1783, is valid. In equity the rule is qui prior est tempore, potior est in jure. Equity will not deprive a purchaser of a legal advantage unless he was a purchaser with notice of the prior equity. Equity will not give relief to a subsequent against a prior purchaser where both were purchasers for a valuable consideration without fraud. Guthrie afterward filed his bill in chancery against James alone, and obtained a decree for the conveyance. To enjoin proceedings upon that decree, and to have the deed to the Duvalls recorded, they filed their bill, making James and Guthrie and others claiming under him defendants. The Court below decreed that James should pay the 600l. with interest, and dismissed the bill as to the other defendants; from which decree this appeal has been prosecuted. The question is, whether upon this state of facts the Duvalls were entitled to relief against Guthrie, and those to whom he has sold? It is evidently no objection to the agreement between James and Guthrie for the 3000 acres in question, that it was a verbal one: for at that time there was no law in this country requiring a contract for land to be in writing; and that it was for a valuable consideration, does not admit of controversy. Guthrie, therefore, acquired a right in equity to the land in question by that contract, which was anterior to the sale from James to the Duvalls. His subsequent attempts to secure and perfect his right, although they were made after he was informed of the existence of the deed to the Duvalls, cannot impair or weaken the equitable title which he had before acquired. His equity then being prior to that of the Duvalls, must in a Court of Equity be preferred to theirs: for the rule in this respect is, qui prior est tempore potior est jure. If their deed gives them any legal advantage, a Court of Equity will not deprive them of such advantage, unless it be proven that they were purchasers with notice of Guthrie's prior equity; but there is no example in which a Court of Equity has ever given relief in favor of a subsequent against a prior purchaser, where both purchases were made for a valuable consideration and without fraud; nor is there any principle of equity which will justify giving relief in such a case.--The decree must be affirmed with costs. 
