 Some years ago, Shannon's heirs, having recovered in an ejectment a judgment for their term yet to come, as well as for damages and costs against Betsey Simpson, William Simpson, Polly Simpson, John Simpson and Benjamin Simpson, heirs of Joseph Simpson, deceased, to revive the judgment and have execution thereof, they sued out a scire facias. The original scire facias, an alias and pluries after pluries were issued, from term to term for many terms, for a long time before the defendants were all served with the process. At length, the pluries returnable to June term 1823, and some of the preceding writs of scire facias, had been served upon all the defendants except John Simpson, who was returned by the sheriff "not found," by the pluries returnable to the June term, 1823, and had been so returned by one of the preceding writs of scire facias. Another writ of scire facias, however, was issued, returnable to the September term, and was returned by the sheriff executed upon John Simpson. At that term, on the day the cause was set for trial, the defendant, Betsey, by the name of Betsey Miller, filed a plea, alleging her coverture in abatement of the suit; but this plea was, on the motion of the plaintiffs, by their attorney, rejected by the court, and the defendants thereupon pleaded nul tiel record, to which issue was joined by the plaintiffs, and the court, upon that issue, awarded execution for them according to the original judgment, and the defendants have appealed to this court. *2 Pleas in abatement must be filed on or before the day to which the cause is docketed, at the first term at which it stands for trial. A scire facias against several defendants, was returned executed on all except one, and as to him, two nihils, prior to the June term; another issued, returnable to the September term, and was executed. Held, that at the June term the cause properly stood for trial. The first question presented by the assignment of errors, is, whether the plea in abatement of the suit, was properly rejected by the circuit court or not? The usual judgment in ejectment is for the premises in the declaration mentioned, and a judgment for all the lands that the tenant had not enclosed on a certain day, is good. The plea was in apt form, and its truth verified by affidavit, as required by the act of assembly, and in point of matter was unquestionably sufficient to abate the suit; but it is contended, that the plea was offered at too late a stage of the cause to be admissible, and that its rejection on that ground was correct. The act regulating pleadings in this respect, requires defendants to file their pleas on or before the day to which the cause is docketed, at the first term at which the cause stands for trial, and on failure, expressly prohibits them thereafter to file any plea in abatement. (1 Dig. L. K. 260.) The question then occurs, whether the September term, 1823, was the first term at which the cause stood for trial? The scire facias returnable to the preceding June term, and the prior writs, as we have already stated, were executed upon all the defendants, except John Simpson, and the writ returnable to that term, and one of those which had been before issued, were returned, as to John Simpson, "not found." The practice in delivering possession, is, for the sheriff to deliver possession of the premises recovered, according to the directions of the plaintiff, who therein acts at his own peril. Now the act of assembly which authorizes sheriffs to execute writs of scire facias, in like manner as writs of capias ad respondendum, provides that where a writ of scire facias is returned that a defendant or defendants are not found, another shall issue, and if the second is returned that he or they are not found, it shall be considered as sufficient service of the writ. (1 Dig. L. K. 256.) As, therefore, two of the writs of scire facias had been returned as to the defendant, John Simpson, "not found," a sufficient time prior to the June term, the service was good as to him, and the writs having been executed upon all the other defendants, it is plain that the cause must have stood for trial at that term, and it follows, that it was too late, at the September term following, to file the plea in abatement. The only other point made by the assignment of errors, which we deem material to be noticed, relates to the uncertainty of the judgment. By the verdict of the action of ejectment, the defendants were found not guilty, as to all the lands which Joseph Simpson, their ancestor, had enclosed on the 12th of May, 1802, and guilty as to the residue of the land, which the defendants were possessed of at the commencement of the suit. The original judgment was entered in conformity to the verdict, and in this case, the judgment pursues strictly the original judgment. *3 This judgment must be admitted to be in some degree vague and uncertain; but it is not more so than the judgment in ejectment is, in every case where it is rendered for the premises in the declaration, and the declaration itself contains no certain description of the premises. This is often the case, and, we apprehend, an objection to the declaration for uncertainty, in such case, or to the judgment, which must partake of the same uncertainty could not be sustained. It was anciently considered an established principle, that a declaration in ejectment should contain such certainty in the description as to enable the sheriff exactly to know, without any information from the lessor of the plaintiff, of what to deliver possession; but as Adams observes "among other salutary regulations which the wisdom of modern times has introduced into this action the abolition of the above mentioned maxim, may be reckoned; and it is now the practice of the sheriff to deliver possession of the premises recovered according to the directions of the claimant who therein acts at his own peril." Adams on Ejectment 21. Judgment affirmed with costs. 
