 This was an action of ejectment on the joint and several demise of James Calloway, &c. alleged to have been made on the 1st of January, 1800, and on the 1st of January, 1822, for fifty years from those dates respectively. The defendants entered into the common rule to confess the lease, entry and ouster, and the cause was tried upon the general issue. Demises in 1800 and 1822. The plaintiff on the trial produced evidence of title in Calloway, but in none of the other lessors. The defendants then offered to prove, that Calloway died in 1812, and the plaintiff admitted the fact, but objected to its competency to go to the jury. Lessor died in 1812. Instructions for non-suit verdict and judgment for defendant. The court, however, decided it competent, and at the instance of the defendants, instructed the jury, that if Calloway died before the suit was brought they must find for the defendant. To these decisions of the court the plaintiff excepted, and a verdict and judgment having been rendered against him, he has brought the case to this court by writ of error. The main question, is whether, if Calloway, in whom alone there was any evidence of title, died in 1812, the plaintiff could maintain the action; for if the plaintiff could not, in that event, maintain the action, proof of the fact as it would tend to defeat the recovery, was undoubtedly competent, and as the fact was admitted by the plaintiff, the instruction given by the court to the jury to find for the defendants could not be erroneous. Question stated. In attempting a solution of this question it is necessary to premise, that by entering into the common rule, the defendants admitted the leases to have been made by Calloway to the plaintiff in 1800, and in 1822, and it was not, therefore, necessary, for the plaintiff to prove that such leases were in fact made. *2 Tenant, by entering into the common rule, confesses the lessor executed the leases, as stated. But assuming, as we must do, that those leases were made, as they are both by the same lessor to the same lessee for the same term, it is evident, that in law, the latter is a surrender of the former. For the principle is well settled, that if a lessee accepts a new lease from his lessor to commence before the expiration of the first, the acceptance of the new lease, as it admits the ability of the lessor to make such new lease, operates in law as a surrender of the first; and therefore, it is held, that if the lessee for twenty years or any greater number, takes a new lease for ten or a smaller number, to take place during the period of the first, the first term of twenty years is thereby determined. Roberts on Frauds, 254-5. If the lessee accept a new lease from his lessor, to commence before the expiration of the first, the new lease operates as a surrender of the first. When, therefore, the defendants admitted the leases as alleged in the declaration to have been made, they must be understood to have admitted them according to their legal effect, and as the legal effect of the latter was a determination of the former, the latter must be taken to be the only subsisting lease admitted by the defendants. It must consequently, be upon the latter lease of 1822, that the plaintiff must alone rely to recover. This principle applies to the fictitious leases made to the plaintiff in ejectment. That he can not recover upon that lease, if Calloway died in 1812, we think perfectly clear, for although the defendants by entering into the common rule admitted the lease to have been made, they did not thereby admit of the lessor to make the lease, and if Calloway was dead before the lease was made, it is plain that he must have been unable to make it. If in an action of ejectment a lease was said to have been made by a woman, and it were proved on the trial that she was a feme covert when the lease was alleged to have been made, as the lease in such case would be void, it is plain that the action could not be maintained, and if in that case the action could not be maintained, because the lease would be void, it is still more obvious that the action can not be maintained in a case like the present, where the lease is alleged to have been made by one who is proved to be dead at the time when the lease is supposed to have been made. The confession of the leases, set out in the declaration, by entering into the common rule, does not preclude the defendant from shewing on the trial, the lessor was dead, or a feme covert, at their date, and so avoid their effect. We are not indeed prepared to say that the action in this case could have been maintained if the declaration had contained only the first lease of 1800. We are inclined to think it could not, for it is an established principle that the lessor of the plaintiff must have a right of entry not only when the demise is laid, but when the action is brought. Hence, it is, that if a man has aliened his land, he can not recover it in ejectment of his alienee, by laying his demise before the alienation; nor can he recover land after twenty years' adverse possession, by alleging a demise before the twenty years had elapsed, for in neither case has the lessor of the plaintiff a right of entry when the action was commenced, and the same reason applies with at least equal force to a case where an attempt is made to recover land in the name of one who is dead, where the action is brought by laying a demise to have been made before his death, for it can not be pretended that one who is dead can have a right of entry. *3 The lessor must have the right of entry both at the date of the demise and commencement of the suit, and for this purpose must be alive, not dead, and have title at both dates. The judgment must be affirmed with costs. Turner, for plaintiffs; Caperton, for defendants. 
