 *1 THIS is a writ of error to a judgment for the plaintiff in an action of debt on a note not under seal, which is alleged to be lost, without averring the consideration upon which it is founded; and the only question is whether the action is maintained or not? The payee of a note not under seal, may bring assumpsit on the original contract and give the note in evidence, or debt under the statute. In assumpsit he must set forth the consideration otherwise the count is bad. If the note be lost, he cannot maintain debt under the statute?? but may sue upon the original contract as at common law. There is no doubt that the payee of a note for money might at common law bring either an action of debt or assumpsit, and declare upon the original contract, of which the note might be used as evidence; and in such case, the note being only matter of evidence, its loss or destruction could not affect the form of action or the averments which it was necessary for the plaintiff to make in his declaration. The action, therefore, upon the original contract might be maintained notwithstanding the loss or destruction of the note; for in that event other evidence of its contents would be admissible. But by the common law no action could be maintained upon the note without alleging the contract or consideration upon which it was founded; and as there is in this case no such allegation, it is clear the action is not sustainable upon principles of common law. But by an act of the Virginia assembly of 1748 FN(a), the payee of a note for money or tobacco, is authorized to bring an action of debt upon such a note. This provision has been construed to dispense with the necessity of averring a consideration in such a case; and the note constituting the basis or substratum of the action, has by the uniform practice under the law been treated in this respect as a specialty, by making profert and demanding oyer of it in the pleadings of the parties. Every reason, therefore, which renders it improper to maintain an action at law upon a lost bond applies, with the same force to the maintainance of an action at law under the act of assembly upon a lost note. As long as the note exists the action may be founded upon it; but it would be a solecism in language to say that an action may be brought upon that which no longer exists. The action cannot, therefore, be maintained in the present form of declaring. FN(a). Old body of Virginia laws, ch. 27, sec. 5, p. 249. The act of assembly before alluded to does not, however, preclude the party from declaring upon the original contract as at common law; and as the writ is one which would be good in such a mode of declaring, the plaintiff, we think, ought to have leave to amend his declaration, and proceed, if he chooses to do so, upon the original contract. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded for proceedings to be had not inconsistent with the foregoing opinion. 
