 Judge LOGAN absent. *2 HUMPHREY MARSHALL, as assignee, brought an action of debt against Philips Caldwell, upon a note for the payment of $200, upon demand. Bail was required, and the sheriff returned the writ "executed, Edmond Bacon bail." Caldwell failing to appear and give special bail, judgment was taken against him, and Edmond Bacon as appearance bail; to that judgment there was a writ of error prosecuted, and this Court decided that the bail bond filed in the cause was so utterly irrelevant, that it could not be treated as a bail bond in that action. The judgment was therefore reversed, and the cause remanded for new proceedings. After the cause was thus remanded, the plaintiff having proceeded to take judgment in the office against the defendant and sheriff, at the next term thereafter, the sheriff moved the Court to set aside the office judgment against him without pleading, but the Court overruled the motion, and the sheriff excepted to their opinion. At a subsequent term, the office judgment not being confirmed and the cause still standing on a writ of inquiry, the sheriff, upon an affidavit, stating that at the former term of the Court, his only counsel was absent from sickness, moved the Court to set aside the office judgment upon his pleading to the action. To this motion the plaintiff objected, but the Court sustained the motion, and the sheriff then filed several pleas, alleging in some of them in substance, that the note was given for money won, and in others that it was for money knowingly lent to be bet on a wager; to these pleas the plaintiff replied, and issues were thereupon joined between the parties. At the next term of the Court, when the suit was called for trial, the sheriff moved for a continuance, and for cause showed that a bill for discovery had theretofore been filed by him against the plaintiff, the original payee, and others through whose hands the note had passed by assignments; that the subpena to answer the bill had been served upon the plaintiff and his immediate assignor, and an order had been duly published against the original payee, none of whom had answered. The sheriff also made oath that he knew of no person in this State, except the defendants in the bill, or some of them, by whom he could prove the allegations of the pleas, but the Court overruled the motion for a continuance, and the sheriff excepted to their opinion, making the bill and other proceedings in the suit in chancery a part of his exceptions. The jury were then sworn to try the issues, and a verdict was found against the sheriff, for the debt in the declaration mentioned, and one cent in damages, and a judgment was thereupon entered against the sheriff only for the two hundred dollars, with legal interest thereon from the day on which the note bears date, until paid; from that judgment this appeal has been prosecuted. Numerous objections are taken by the assignment of error to the proceedings in this case; such of them as are entitled to consideration, we will notice in the order they occur in the record. *3 The first objection is taken to the refusal of the Court to set aside the office judgment against the sheriff, on his motion, without pleading. This objection is founded upon the notion that the sheriff was not liable to be proceeded against in this action, he having returned the writ executed, with the name of the appearance bail indorsed on it. By the act concerning civil proceedings, the sheriff, in cases requiring bail, is bound to return on the writ the name of the bail by him taken, and a copy of the bail bond; and when he does so and the defendant fails to appear and give special bail, the bail for appearance is subject to the same judgment and recovery as the defendant would have been if he had appeared and given special bail. But if the sheriff shall not return bail, and a copy of the bail bond, he is subject to the same recovery as is provided in the case of appearance bail. Under this provision, it is not sufficient to excuse the sheriff from liability, that he has returned the name of the bail, he must also return the bail bond. The plain intention of the law is, that the plaintiff shall have a right to proceed against either the sheriff or the bail, and if the sheriff has not so done his duty, that the plaintiff can proceed against the bail, the sheriff becomes himself liable. The bail bond returned in this case having been adjudged by this Court wholly irrelevant to the action, it follows that the sheriff is liable to be proceeded against, as the bail would have been if the bail bond had been correctly taken. The objection under consideration is therefore untenable. The second objection is to the refusal of the Court to continue the cause, on the application of the sheriff for that purpose. That either party to an action at law may resort to a Court of Equity, to compel his adversary to discover such facts as may be material to his claim or defense, cannot be doubted. But in such a case the regular course of proceeding seems to be, to obtain an injunction to stay the proceedings at law until the discovery was made. This practice shows that the filing of a bill of discovery is not of itself a sufficient cause for the continuance of the suit at law, for if it were an injunction would be unnecessary and inoperative. But furthermore, the bill as it relates to the plaintiff in this action, neither charges positively and directly that he had a knowledge of the illegality of the consideration of the note, nor does it state any facts from which a probable implication that he had such a knowledge might arise. The absence of his answer therefore, as the bill does not show a probability that the discovery sought would thereby have been obtained, was not a good ground for a continuance. And as to the other defendants in the bill, their answers could have availed the sheriff nothing: 1st, because their confessions made after the note had been transferred by them, could not affect the interest of the holder of the note; and 2dly, because it is a settled rule, that the answer of one defendant in chancery cannot be read in evidence against another. Whether they could have been used as witnesses to support the defense set up by the sheriff, is a question of some doubt, which need not be decided, as we are of opinion, for the reasons already suggested, that the cause shown for a continuance was not a legal and sufficient one. *4 A third objection is taken to the verdict, because it is against the sheriff only, and not against the defendant in the action also. To this objection it is a sufficient answer to observe, that the pleas were, as they ought to have been, in the name of the sheriff alone; and therefore the verdict, to be responsive to the issues joined upon the pleas, ought to have been against the sheriff only. The fourth objection is, that the judgment being against the sheriff only, is illegal. This is clearly a valid objection. The act of assembly under which the proceeding against the sheriff in this case was had, author izes only a joint judgment against the defendant and sheriff, and not against the latter separately. The objection to the judgment allowing interest from the date of the note, seems equally well founded: the note being payable upon demand, could not legally bear interest ??til a demand was made. The writ has been adjudged to be a demand, and however questionable that doctrine may be upon principle, as it has been long settled and uniformly acted upon, we are not disposed to unsettle it. But without the intervention of a jury to ascertain that a demand had been made at an earlier period, the judgment ought not t?? have been for interest prior to the date of the writ. An exception was taken by the sheriff to the opinion of the Court below, overruling his objection to the note declared on, and the assignments going in evidence to the jury, without being first proved. The objection, however, is entitled to no weight. Neither the note nor the assignments were put in issue by the sheriff; on the contrary, they were admitted by his pleas, and he could not require proof of them. The judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded for judgment to be entered agreeable to the foregoing opinion. 
