 This was an action on the case. Two counts are laid in the declaration, in both of which, the plaintiff in substance charges the defendant with having falsely and fraudulently induced the plaintiff to buy of him a stud horse, at the price of $600, by falsely and fraudulently warranting the horse to be sound, when in truth he was, at the time of the sale and warranty, unsound and of no value, by means whereof the defendant falsely and fraudulently deceived the plaintiff. Declaration against vendor, on a false warranty of an unsound horse in tort. The defendant pleaded not guilty. Plea. On the trial, the plaintiff proved, that the defendant sold him the horse at the price mentioned in the declaration; that on the sale the defendant stated that the horse was sound as far as he knew or believed, but that he would not warrant him to be sound; and that the horse was, before and at the time of the sale, diseased with a disorder called the big-head, of which disease the defendant had a knowledge before the sale to the plaintiff. The evidence. On this evidence, the circuit court, at the instance of the defendant, instructed the jury as in case of a non-suit; to which the plaintiff excepted, and a verdict and judgment having been rendered against him, he has brought the case to this court by a writ of error. Instructions for non-suit, exceptions, verdict and judgment for defendant. There are two distinct grounds upon which the vendor is, by law, responsible for the quality of the thing sold--a warranty and a deceit. *2 An action for the wrong to vendee in the sale of an unsound horse where there is no warranty, must be in tort. In an action founded upon a deceit in the sale of a thing, the declaration must necessarily be in tort. But in cases of a warranty, there are two forms of declaring, the one in tort and the other in assumpsit. The former is said to be the ancient method of declaring upon a warranty; and although the mode of declaring in assumpsit has prevailed in modern practice, being found advantageous, as well because it admits of adding the common money count, as because the action in that form will not die with the person, but will lie by and against the executors or administrators of the parties to the transaction; yet the ancient method of declaring in tort upon the warranty is still allowable, and is often used, and it is according to this form that the declaration in this case has been modeled, as will be seen by comparing the forms of declaring in assumpsit with those of declaring in tort, 2 Chitty, 1, 2, ib. 276. Where there is a warranty the action may be either tort or assumpsit. Tort is the ancient form of action for a false warranty--Assumpsit the modern. That dies with the person; this survives to, and against the executor. Between the form of declaring upon a warranty used in this case, and the form of declaring upon a deceit, there is, therefore, an analogy in this, that both are in tort; but the cause of action is in each, distinct from and independent of the other. In the former, the breach of the warranty is the gravamen of the action, and in the latter, as deceit essentially consists in the seller knowing defects which he conceals from the purchaser, or in representing the thing sold to possess qualities which he knows it does not possess, the scienter is the gist of the action, and in such case, the scienter is necessary to be averred in the declaration, and proved on the trial, in order to maintain the action. Dale's Case, Cro. Eliz. 44. Chandler v. Lopus, Cro. Jac. 4, and Selwyn's N. P. 581-2. But in a declaration upon a warranty in tort, as in this case, it is not necessary to aver the scienter, nor if averred, is it necessary to be proved. Selwyn's N. P. 582, (note 3). The warranty, however, must in such case be proved, and as the proof in this case did not conduce to prove a warranty, it is plain that it did not support the action, and consequently, that the instruction given by the circuit court to the jury, was correct. In the action of deceit, the scienter is the gist, and must be proved. On the warranty the gravamen is the breach of the warranty, and the warranty must be proved; scienter need not, though alleged. The judgment must be affirmed with costs. Turner, for plaintiff; Hanson, for defendant. 
