 This was an action by petition and summons, upon a note for two hundred and forty dollars, "payable in the money of this state." On demurrer to the petition the circuit court gave judgment for the plaintiff, and the defendant has brought the case to this court by an appeal. A petition and summons will not lie upon a note payable 'in the money of this state." The main question is, whether the action by petition is maintainable or not upon the note? The solution of this question, turns exclusively upon the construction of the expression "payable in the currency of this state." If, by this expression, the parties intended to make the note payable in specie only, or in the current coin of the United States, it is plain that the action will lie; but if, on the contrary, they intended thereby to make the note payable in the bank paper issued by the authority of the state, then it is equally clear, that the action can not be maintained; for the action by petition, is allowed by law to be brought upon a bond or note for the direct payment of money only, and bank paper is not money. Had dollars in specie, or the current coin of the United States, been the only circulating medium of this state, at the date of the note sued on, it would, no doubt, have been proper to construe the expression in question as having an exclusive reference to that medium; but that was not the case. Gold and silver, (though nothing else could be constitutionally made a legal tender, in payment of debts contracted in specie), had in fact ceased to be the circulating medium of this state, and paper issued by the banks of this state, had taken their place, and become the only medium of universal circulation. *2 The latter expressions construed to mean the circulating medium of the country. Bank paper is not money. Words or expressions in agreements between individuals, are always to be understood in their popular sense. Bank paper was, therefore, in fact, the currency of this state, in the popular acceptation of the phrase, and the expression in the note, whatever may be its import, in a constitutional sense, must be construed to mean bank paper; for words and expressions, though they may have a technical significance, when used in adversary writs and other legal proceedings, are always to be understood in their popular sense, when used in agreements between individuals. The judgment must be reversed with costs, and the cause be remanded, that judgment may be entered on the demurrer for the defendant. 
