 *1 THIS action was brought against the appellants as heirs of David Lawrence, deceased, upon a covenant of warranty contained in a deed of bargain and sale executed by him to the appellee. On a covenant of warranty not expressly binding the heirs of the warrantor, an action of covenant cannot be maintained against the heirs without joining the personal representative. In an action against heirs alone the plaintiff must aver that they were bound by the deed. The defect may be taken advantage of on general demurrer and is not cured by verdict. The only question which we deem material to be decided, is, whether the action can be supported against the appellants, without joining the executors or administrators. At common law the heir was not bound by the obligation or covenant of his ancestor, unless he were expressly named; and in an action against him as heir, it was necessary to aver that he was bound by the deed or obligation. In this case there is no averment in the declaration that the heirs were bound in the covenant of warranty; consequently the action is not sustainable upon the principles of the common law. The extent however of the heir's liability upon the contracts of his ancestor, is very materially changed by the act subjecting lands to the payment of debts. By the second section of that act it is provided "that the same actions which will lie against the executors or administrators may be jointly brought against them and the heirs or devisees." It never has been doubted that the heir was liable under this law to an action upon the contract of his ancestor, although he may not be named in the contract. But it is clear that in an action against the heir, founded upon such a contract, the executor or administrator must be joined. Upon a bond or other deed in which the heir is expressly named, he may still be sued, as he might have been before the passage of this act, without joining the personal representatives of his ancestor. In that case the remedy given by the act is cumulative, and does not derogate from the right to proceed as at common law. But upon a contract in which the heir is not named, as he was not liable upon such contract at common law, and as the act of assembly has made him liable only in joint action with the administrator or executor, he cannot be sued alone; for wherever a statute creates a right and prescribes a remedy, that remedy and no other can be pursued. The omission to join the personal representative in such a case, is a substantial defect, which may be taken advantage of upon general demurrer, and is not cured by the statute of jeofails.--Judgment reversed. 
