(Cite as: 1 A.K.Marsh. 28,  8 Ky. 28 (Ky.),  1817 WL 1134 (Ky.)) C Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Joseph Hughes v. Molly and David M'Gee. Oct. 17, 1817. *1 ON A WRIT OF ERROR TO REVERSE A JUDGMENT OF THE MERCER CIRCUIT COURT. West Headnotes New Trial 275 k 11(1) 275 New Trial 275I Nature and Scope of Remedy 275k11 Successive Applications 275k11(1) k. In General. Most Cited Cases Overruling one motion for a new trial is no cause for refusing to listen to a second motion, if made on different grounds, and reasons shown for not incorporating both grounds in the first motion. Appeal and Error 30 k 1003 30 Appeal and Error 30XVI Review 30XVI(I) Questions of Fact, Verdicts, and Findings 30XVI(I)2 Verdicts 30k1003 k. Against Weight of Evidence. Most Cited  Cases A verdict or finding by the jury will not be disturbed as against the evidence because of a mere preponderance of evidence against it, but will be set aside only when it is palpably against the weight of evidence, or clearly shows that the jury were mistaken, or were influenced by passion, prejudice, or corruption. JUDGE BOYLE DELIVERED THE OPINION OF THE COURT: This was an action of ejectment, in which the main point of controversy between the parties related to the boundary of the tract of land claimed by the lessors of the plaintiff. On the trial in the circuit court, a verdict being found for the plaintiff, the counsel for the defendant moved the court for a new trial, on the ground that the verdict was contrary to law and evidence, but the court overruled the motion, and the counsel for the defendant excepted. On a subsequent day of the term, the counsel for the defendant produced in court the affidavit of the tenant in possession, who managed the suit for the defendant, stating his surprise and the grounds of his surprise, in the court's having rejected as evidence on the trial, sundry depositions contained in a record of a suit in chancery, brought against him and others, by John M'Gee in his lifetime, under whose will the lessor of the plaintiff derived title, and thereupon the defendant's counsel again moved the court for a new trial, but the court refused to hear the affidavit and the record containing those depositions read, unless the defendant would withdraw his former bill of exceptions, which he refused to do, and took an exception to the opinion of the court, and a judgment having been entered upon the verdict of the jury, the defendant has brought the case to this court by writ of error. Although, in our opinion, the weight of the evidence was against the verdict of the jury, yet as there was a contrariety of evidence, we should not on that ground alone, think ourselves authorized to reverse the decision of the circuit court. We can, however, perceive no substantial reason for the refusal of that court to listen to the second application for a new trial, nor for a refusal to grant it upon the ground made out by the affidavit produced. Had the second application been made upon the same ground alone as the former, there would have been some propriety in refusing to hear it; but it was made upon new and additional ground. Or, if the party had not shewn sufficient reason for not having alleged on the first application, the matter which forms the ground of the second, the latter application might, with propriety, have been rejected; but it appearst that the affiant was absent when the first application was made, and that he did not expect that it would have been then made. We are, therefore, of opinion, that the court ought to have heard the second application, and we apprehend it is equally clear, that the application ought to have been sustained upon the ground made out by the affidavit. *2 When there is contrariety of evidence, the court will not grant a new trial, tho' they incline against the verdict: 3 Johnst. Rep. 105.  2 Dall., 55. Ib. 118. Birny 495. 3d Call 568. Overruling one motion for a new trial is no cause to refuse listening to a second motion, if made on different grounds, and reason shewn for not incorporating both grounds in the first motion. As the witnesses whose depositions were offered to be read, were still living, there is no doubt that the court did right in rejecting the depositions as evidence on the trial. The depositions, however, appear evidently to be material, and the affiant not only states that he believed that the depositions would have been permitted to be read, and but for that belief, he would have had the witnesses at the trial; but he states circumstances that would naturally produce in his mind such a belief; for it appears that a part of the record of the suit in chancery, had been offered as evidence between the parties in another case, and that it was rejecton the ground that the whole record was not produced; besides, he swears that his counsel had informed him, that if the whole record were produced, the depositions would be read. Surprise on a material point, and clearly made out, coupled with other circumstances, which per se are not sufficient will justify the granting a new trial. We think, therefore, that, on the ground of surprise, taken in connection with the consideration, that the verdict was against the weight of evidence, the circuit court ought to have granted a new trial. Judgment reversed with cost, and cause remanded for a new trial. Haggin and Hardin, for plaintiff; Bibb, Talbot and M'Afee, for defendants in error. The counsel for the defendants in error, on the rendition of this opinion, filed a petition for a rehearing in these words:-- To the Honorable, the Judges of the Court of Appeals: The counsel of David and Molly M'Gee, defendants in error, at the suit of Joseph Hughes, would respectfully and most earnestly solicit your honors for a rehearing of said case; in which event they entertain a serious, and they trust, a well grounded hope, that they can most conclusively convince your honors, that the decree therein pronounced ought to be set aside; and that the judgment of the inferior court ought to be affirmed, upon the following grounds, viz:--That the weight of testimony, and indeed the whole of it, when properly construed and understood, is decidedly in favor of the verdict of the jury. 2d. That the defendant, in the court below, did not make out such a case, upon his motion for a new trial, as ever was before in any case acknowledged to be sufficient, or a legal ground to justify the court below (who knew all the circumstances) in granting a new trial. And as this second ground seems to be the principal reason why the judgment of the court below was reversed, the counsel for the plaintiffs will, as briefly as their feelings will justify, and the importance of the case require, re-examine this part of the case, to which they can not help calling the attention of the court, in a particular manner. And, in the first place, they are constrained to allege, in the most unequivocal manner, that the affidavit of the man who pretended to be the agent of the defendant below, upon his motion for a new trial, is notoriously and flagrantly untrue upon the face of it, and is so certified by the court below, in the bill of exceptions. Hence they could not give credence to a man who, expert and wily as he universally is known to be in his law matters, had the presumption to state in his affidavit, what the court knew was not true. This honorable court is, therefore, again entreated to turn their attention to the affidavit and bill of exceptions, which was the second application fora new trial. Hence the conclusion, that the affidavit of the party must be taken as true, can not apply where it is known to be untrue; because, if reversals of judgments, in the inferior courts, are to take place upon grounds which the party may himself make out, few cases would remain unreversed, after the plaintiff, by a long and tedious course of law, expense and vexation, has established his right, which, in ejectment cases may be so easily lost upon second trials, after a considerable lapse of time; and the counsel for the plaintiffs appeal to the sound understanding of your honors, to say whether you would yourselves grant a new trial, upon an affidavit which you knew did not contain the truth, as was the case in the present contest; when this pretended agent made oath, that he was not permitted to make use of a record, (which your honors have repeatedly decided could not be used in similar cases) except particular parts, which he himself specified, when in truth and in fact he was permitted to use the whole of it, every iota, except the deposition of witnesses, who were then living in an adjoining county. This part of the affidavit then being false, and so certified by the judge, can the court, or ought they, to believe the balance? The counsel believe, that reason and common sense forbids the idea; more especially where the attempt at bribing is superadded by the respectable testimony of Gen. Ray.--But let us for a moment enquire into the legal effect of this record, which he says he was not permitted to read. In the first place, it was not a record between the same parties; or, if it was, it could not be used as has been decided in the case of  Rice's heirs v. Lowan; 2 Bibb, page 150. Or if used, it would tend to disqualify or render incompetent the testimony of Col. Thompson and Solomon Ryan, parties thereto, whose heresay testimony, in direct contradiction to record testimony, as we shall hope to prove presently, seems to have had an undue weight in the decision of this cause. But let us see how this agent, Joseph Lilliard, was deceived. Was it ever known that depositions taken between other parties were ever used in a common law suit, except by consent; or that depositions were ever used, except in cases where the witnesses lived out of the state? Does the records of jurisprudence, from the days of Alfred down to the present day, furnish a single example--or could any lawyer have ever advised Joseph Lilliard, that a record or deposition of living witnesses, who live in the state, could be used upon a trial in ejectment or in this court of appeals, so bound down by rigid form, that they are compelled to shut their eyes against truth, and the natural deductions which the whole state of the case would authorise? Or are they compelled to take an affidavit as true, which, upon the whole face of it, is known not to be so. But this case has not even the semblance of truth to justify the inference, that the affidavit is true on the ground of surprise, because we are taught to believe, that the suppression of truth is as bad as wilful misrepresentation, and misrepresentation is to be found in another part of this agent's affidavit: scilicit, that the part of a record which he intended to use, was in another case filed, and was objected to because it was not the whole record. He does not say a word about what inducement he had to expect it to be used in the present suit, or that the plaintiffs or their counsel had deceived him by any promise, that it should be used--because, if he had, truth would have compelled him to say that his counsellor advised him to have his witnesses present and that the counsel for the plaintiffs had, from the commencement of the suit, refused to have depositions of living witnesses used. But this agent, relying upon his ingenuity, pressed a trial in the absence of one of the plaintiffs' witnesses, and then pretends to have been surprised, when he found that record testimony as well as living witnesses, proved the boundary of the plaintiffs' claim.--Hence the counsel for the plaintiffs below, are constrained, in the most pressing manner, respectfully to request a rehearing and re-examination into the truth of the principle of surprise, and the grounds alleged by the agent for the defendants below, which can not, for a moment, be believed by any impartial and enquiring mind, who will duly weigh all the circumstances of this case. And the following decisions of your honors, are respectfully cited to prove, that this preceding ideas are correct:--2d Bibb, page 17; 2d Bibb, 64 and 177, and 3d Bibb, page 80. *3 If the court are to grant new trials and reverse judgments in ejectments in all cases where the defendants or plaintiffs swear that they were surprised, whether their affidavits are true or false upon the face of them, and without enquiring whether there were reasonable grounds for believing a surprise took place, we again repeat, that unstable indeed will be the judgments in ejectment when the witnesses live in foregn parts, or are aged and infirm:--Hence the counsel for the plaintiffs feel so much anxiety, when they are conscientiously convinced that the principle established by the reversal in this case, is a dangerous and a very unstable one; and, in the second place, that the real facts of this cause do not justify the establishment of the principle. Common sense and common honesty forbid and contradict the statement in the agents's affidavit, (over and above the false statement as to other matter,) that any man, much less any lawyer, could advise that depositions in a chancery cause, not even between the same parties, could be used upon a trial in ejectment. But even as unreasonable as was this expectation, the bill of exceptions by the defendant proves, that the plaintiffs did not except or apply for a rejection of the record, but were even willing to have it read, so conscious were they of the justice of their claim. The defendant was required by the court to withdraw his motion and bill of exceptions, on the first motion for a new trial, as a prerequisite to the second for the same cause. Hence there was no interference with the defendant by the plaintiffs or their counsel. Upon the first ground incidentally noticed by the court, as to the verdict having been contrary to the weight of evidence, the counsel for the plaintiffs believe, with due respect to your honors, that the hearsay evidence of the witnesses for the defendant, ought not to outweigh the positive testimony of James M'Gee, who was at an age when the memory is most strong and retentive, as well as the evidence of general Ray, one of whom swears to facts which, when we appeal to the patents and surveyor's reports, are conclusively and positively sustained, and the other, that he saw an old marked line, in the year 1796, from I to L, he making it his business to search for it. He, therefore, is entitled to more weight than Thompson and Ryan, the latter of whom was a chain carrier, and neither of whom tell you that they searched for a line, and at least Ryan had no opportunity so to do. When, on the other side, James M'Gee, (whose reputation as a man, stands as high as any other,) swears positively and details circumstances and facts relative to a spring in Lillard's field, which at once carries conviction to the unprejudiced mind: But in corroboration of his evidence, when we examine the patents of John M'Gee and Robert M'Afee, as well as the surveyor's report in this case, and in the suit in chancery, the record of which the defendant has attempted to foist into this cause; also the survey made in the name of Myers and Holmes; they all go, conclusively, to support the testimony of James M'Gee and gen. James Ray, on the part of the plaintiffs, and directly contradict the testimony of George Thompson and Sol. Ryan, as to old Mr. John M'Gee ecer claiming the line C D, in the suit in chancery. In the first place, George Thompson speaks of old Mr. M'Gee pointing out the white oak corner, and Sol. Ryan that M'Gee always claimed it, when Ryan acknowledges that he never saw M'Gee there, or that M'Gee ever shewed it to him. Thompson is contradicted by Ray, who says he does not recollect or believe, that old Mr. M'Gee was ever out on the land during the pendency of the suit in chancery. M'Gee was eighty years of age, and was well known to have been confined to his house for ten or twelve years before; and yet this bare dictum of George Thompson and Sol Ryan, is to bear down the surveyor's report in the chancery suit, which, at the first blush on the face of it, shews that the line C D, was never claimed by M'Gee as his line, but that his survey of 500 acres projects considerably further east; and that the survey of Robert M'Afee, which adjoins above, actually covers the greater part of the land now contended for by David and Molly M'Gee; and this stubborn fact ought to outweigh twenty partial and hearsay witnesses, whose statements upon the fact of them detail events easy to assert but hard to contradict, by oral testimony, when time is not specified; and we entreat your honors to again examine the platt made out in the suit in chancery, which is made the great chart of the defendant's claim, for which he cannot even shew an entry, which may be called an actual disseisin without right. But when we come to compare the patents of John M'Gee and Robert M'Afee, the absurdity becomes more glaring; the surveys were both made in one day, (so says James M'Gee,) and from the dates affixed by the surveyor, there is every reason to believe the fact, as the one bears date the 8th and the other the 10th of June, 1780, it being universally known the dates of surveys, as to a few days, are and were entirely arbitrary with the surveyors. The surveys are of the same size and shape; M'Afee begins farther west than M'Gee, at a spanish oak and buckeye, at the letter E; M'Gee begins at A and runs to B, in Robt. M'Afee's line: these corners are all standing, and are pointed out by the surveyor. Now we intreat the court to take the patent of Robert M'Afee and M'Gee, and read them--begin at E, with Robt. M'Afee, a spanish oak and buckeye, thence S.260 poles to F, a white oak and hickory, thence E. 307 3/4 poles, crossing salt river to G, a white oak and dogwood, thence N. 260 poles to a post oak tree in John M'Gee's line, at C; this corner was agreed upon by the parties as Robert M'Afee's, so says the surveyor, and a post oak stump is here found. Now we ask the court, is the corner C, John M'Gee's corner, or M'Afee's corner in his line? or when this corner is agreed to be Robt. M'Afee's, is it not proof conclusive, strong as holy writ, that M'Gee's land extends farther east, and that James M'Gee's explanation, that the line C D was run by mistake and afterwards corrected, is true? and this will explain even Thompson's deposition, who made the survey, if it had been used, and the surveyor would have detected the error at the first blush. But in addition, take the survey of Myers and Holmes, and it will be found that the survey was made in 1785, upon the truth of this statement--the survey was made from L to I, and from I to M, 34 poles. Now, if Myers had run on to D and thence to C, the call of his patent of 34 poles to M, where this corner really stands, as well as the two post oaks at I, would have been absurd and impossible. Hence, all the patents and surveys prove the boundary of M'Gee, and bear James M'Gee out in his account of the whole transaction; and general Ray says, "In 1796, I examined for and found an ancient line, but not very well marked from I to L." But Thompson and Ryan did not see it--and why? Thompson did not look for it, as he was already satisfied, and Ryan had not much chance. This, let it be remembered, was 11 years after Myers and Holmes' survey, and 16 years after M'Gee's. But the surveyor says, that he cut some of the line trees, and they counted only 16 years, when he made the survey in this suit-- and how did this happen? The truth of the case will be found in the record; the greater part of this line was cleared ground, and the trees he cut were made and correspond with the date of Sage's survey: But the corner counted 29 or 30 years--and this can be accounted for by the impossibility of counting the growths of a close grained, knarly as well as knotty post oak, on a barren ridge, and ought not to be made weigh as evidence against the positive testimony of one of the chain carriers, of unimpeached and unimpeachable character, corroborated by the calls of all the surveys and patents of the adjoining surveys, made at an early date. Hence your petitioners most earnestly entreat, and most sanguinely expect, that your honors, upon a review of this cause, will grant them a rehearing; and not compel them to the hazard of their rights, to have a second trial, and to drag their witnesses from other states, upon the ground made out by the defendants; and upon a review of the whole premises, a rehearing will be granted, and that the judgment of the inferior court will finally be affirmed. *4 The plaintiffs in ejectment claim, under the devise to them of the land he lived on, which was the pre-emption survey of 500 acres, half of his pre-emption wt. surveyed in his own name. The 500 acres upon the treasury wt. adjoining the former on the east, which the testator called his "500 acre tract," was devised to John, Joseph and William. Now the boundaries of these two surveys, determine the respective interests devised to Molly and David M'Gee, the lessors of the plaintiff, and to John, Joseph and William. The boundary of the 500 acre tract, devised to the three sons, was a matter of public record; and the attempt to prove, by parol, that the testator claimed the boundary thereof, contrary to his certificate of survey and his patent, thereby to lessen the one devise and increase the other, ought to be very cautiously admitted. It will be found, by turning to the record of the chancery suit, that both tracts did interfere with the lands in controversy in the chancery suit. There, however, it was the interest of Thompson and Ryan (who were defendants) to enlarge the preemption survey, and contract the survey of the treasury warrant claim: see Thompson's answer, p. 68, in which he contends it was in the survey of 500 acres on the pre-emption warrant, (now claimed by the lessors of the plaintiff.) Then he was contending against the treasury W. Having succeeded in that suit, and his interest then being to contract the treasury warrant, it is easy to account for his seeing the matter through a different medium then and now, different from the witness, gen. Ray, who, as Ray states, found the ancient line trees contrary to Thimpson's interest. The same remark applies to Ryan, the witness in the ejectment. It is true, that the bill of M'Gee was filed by the testator, relying on the treasury warrant: It is also true, that both these claims were spoken of in the bill, but the treasury wt. was the claim relied on. Both might, with propriety, have been drawn into controversy, had the counsel of M'Gee thought proper, and not have mistaken the case of his client. The pre-emption was the claim which should have been drawn into the controversy more particularly, not by bill, but by ejectment, that being the elder patent for the land within it. The bill in that cause, therefore, is but the suggestion of counsel and not evidence against the complainant therein; and, consequently, not evidence against his devisee--see Peak,--All which is respectfully submitted. BIBB & TALBOT, for petitioners. R. B. M'AFEE. M'Gee ads. Hughes. The counsel for the defendants in error respectfully solicit a rehearing for the following reasons: The court suffered all the depositions in the chancery suit to be read, except those of persons who were living and within reach--but the defendant below would not--see judge's certificate in bill of exceptions, p. 27. The refusal of the court to suffer the deposition to be read, was proper. 1st. Because the depositions of living witnesses, altho' taken in chancery, can not be read on a trial at law.--Gilbert law Ev. p. 54 or 61; Buller's N. P. p. 239; 1 Atk. 445 or 519, Fry v. Wood; Philips Ev. 267. *5 2nd. As Hughes was no party to the bill in chancery, he could no use the depositions at all on the trial, although offered against a party or privy--See Gilbert L. E. p. 55 or 62; Buller N. P. 239; Phillips Ev. 258 (309.) The surprise complained of, was because the judge rejected evidence clearly illegal, as is shewn by the authorities before cited. He does not swear he had ever been advised by counsel that the depositions of living witnesses would be received in this suit, or that the record could be received at all in this suit--it ought not to have been, as is proved by the cases before cited, and Bull. N. P. 233--and he artfully introduces his agency in another case, where the record might have been used, and where counsel might have advised the production of it. He does not swear he was advised by counsel that it was useless to summon the witnesses, or that they advised him not to summon those men. They might, and probably did, advise him to summon them if he consulted them upon the preparation of this cause. But, upon the supposition that these men could be procured at another trial; still it is believed that the evidence ought not to turn the scale against the plaintiff in ejectment. The evidence growing out of the adjoining survey--the call of M'Afee's survey to corner in M'Gee's line, when these surveys were made the same day and by same surveyor, and therefore not probable that the surveyor would commit so great a mistake, as to call for the corner of M'Afee to be in M'Gee's line, when, according to the defence below, that corner of M'Afee is also M'Gee's corner, (to wit: corner C.FNa1)--add to this the positive testimony of gen. Ray, and of one of the chain carriers also, and it would seem that the depositions of Thompson and Ryan could not outweigh the plaintiffs' evidence of boundary. But for a more forcible view of the evidence as to boundary, I beg leave to refer to theenclosed petitionfi drawn by a coadjutor. FNa1. This corner was agreed by the parties in the old suit in chancery, to be M'Afee's corner--see page 32, surveyor's report. Will the court, then, grant a new trial to let in evidence, which, when received, ought not to cost the verdict for the party asking the new trial? All which is respectfully submitted. BIBB. The cause came on to be argued at the spring term, 1818, when the court overruled the petition and affirmed the judgment. 
