 THIS was an action of debt, on a judgment of the Court of Common Pleas for the district of St. Charles, in the Territory of Louisiana. The defendant pleaded: 1. Nil debet; and 2. Nul tiel record. The former plea was concluded to the country, and the latter to the Court; and the plaintiff joined issue upon both. On the trial of the issue by the jury the defendant objected to the admission of a copy of the record of the judgment offered by the plaintiff as evidence to the jury, on account of the manner in which it was authenticated; but the Court overruled the objection, and the jury having found a verdict for the plaintiff upon the issue of nil debet, judgment was thereupon entered by the Court without having tried or disposed of the issue upon the plea of nul tiel record. To which judgment this writ is prosecuted. Two questions are made by the assignment of errors. 1. Whether the record was properly authenticated; and 2. Whether the Circuit Court erred in giving judgment for the plaintiff without having tried the issue of nul tiel record. We have no hesitation in deciding the first question in the affirmative. The record in question being of the proceedings and judgment of a Territorial Court, does not come within the provision of the constitution of the United States, and the act of Congress made in pursuance of that provision; these having respect only to the mode of authenticating the public acts, records and judicial proceedings of the several States. The laws and usages of this State must therefore furnish the rule for determining the question of authenticity. The record offered in evidence was attested by the clerk, with the seal of the Court annexed, and to it was subjoined the certificate of the governor, under the great seal of the Territory, that the person attesting the record was the clerk of the Court, and that his attestation was in due form. These solemnities are sufficient evidences of its authenticity, whether we consider it as a foreign or domestic record. If it is to be taken as a foreign record, the great seal of the Territory seems sufficient under the act of 1789, to authenticate it so as to make it evidence within the Courts of this Commonwealth. If it is to be considered as a domestic record, an exemplification under the great seal, according to the strictest notions of law, would be sufficient; and perhaps according to the general usage of the country, and exemplification under the seal of the Court would warrant its admission as evidence. But if either of these solemnities be a sufcient authentication, the copy of the record produced having both, was unquestionably admissible evidence. *2 With respect to the second question made by the assignment of error, it is apparent that the Circuit Court erred. If the plea of nul tiel record be in such case a good one, and we are inclined to think it is, the Court ought to have tried the issue joined upon it and adjudged that the plaintiff had perfected the record, before a final judgment could correctly have been entered up for the plaintiff. Judgment reversed and cause remanded for farther proceedings, etc. 
