 Harrison presented his petition to a circuit judge, alleging that the President and Directors of the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank, of Logan, had brought suit and recovered a judgment against him, on the 7th of August, 1819; that the judgment was rendered by default, and that he was an infant under the age of twenty-one, at the time the judgment was rendered, and no guardian appointed to defend for him; and he prayed for and obtained an order for a writ of error with supersedeas. A writ of error was issued to the execution, and not to the judgment. At the term to which the writ was returnable, Harrison assigned for error, that he was an infant under the age of twenty-one years, at the time of the rendition of the judgment against him; and the defendants in error pleaded, that he was not an infant under the age of twenty-one years, when the judgment was rendered against him. A jury was there-upon empannelled to try the issue, and found by their verdict, that Harrison "was not an infant under the age of twenty-one years, on the 7th of August, 1819." Whereupon the court gave judgment, dismissing the writ of error with costs and ten per centum damages; and from that judgment Harrison has prosecuted this appeal. A writ of error coram vobis prosecuted with extraordinary irregularity. A repleader can never be awarded in behalf of the person in default. Most of the errors assigned, question the sufficiency of the pleadings, and of the verdict of the jury, because they relate to an error in the judgment, whereas the writ of error is to the execution, and not to the judgment. All this is very true; but surely it does not follow, as was urged by the counsel for Harrison, that a repleader should be awarded. If there be any fault attributable to either party, in not making the pleadings to correspond with the writ of error, it properly belongs to Harrison, and not to the defendants in error; for he commenced the pleading, by assigning the error in the judgment, and their plea is strictly responsive to the error complained of by him. If the pleadings, therefore, be immaterial, it was occasioned by his fault; and it is an established rule, that a repleader is never awarded at the instance of him who has committed the fault. But, were a repleader to be awarded, it could only be for the purpose of permitting Harrison to assign error in the execution, to which alone the writ of error relates; but there is no execution exhibited in the record; and if there be one issued, we must presume, unless the contrary appeared, that there is no error in it; and it would be absurd, therefore, to award a repleader, that he might assign error in that in which the court are bound to presume there is no error. The truth is, that as the writ of error coram vobis, either by the mistake of the clerk, or from some other cause, was issued to the execution, and not to the judgment, the issue and verdict of the jury had no relation to the suit that was depending, and should be utterly disregarded. The writ of error, therefore, must be considered as being sued out without any assignment of error in the execution to which it was brought, and for want of an assignment of error, the circuit court was undoubtedly correct in dismissing the writ of error. *2 The only other question, then, is, whether that court was correct in awarding ten per centum damages, on dismissing the writ of error. To this question, the 6th section of the act of 1802 concerning writs of error coram vobis, is a sufficient answer; for it explicitly requires the plaintiff in error to pay ten per centum damages upon any writ of error with supersedeas, issued either from the court of appeals or any other court, as well where the writ of error is dismissed or discontinued, as where the judgment or decree is affirmed. 2 Dig. L. K. 1258. The judgment must be affirmed with costs and damages upon the damages. 
