 *1 THIS is an appeal from a judgment of the Jefferson Circuit Court rendered against the appellant in an action brought by him as assignee of a sheriff, on a bond given by the appellees for keeping the prison bounds. A sheriff may after he has committed to the jailer a prisoner arrested under a ca. sa. take from him a bond for the prison rules, receive the money or property to satisfy the execution and discharge the prisoner. The only question we deem material to notice in deciding this cause is, can the sheriff after he has committed to the jailer a prisoner arrested under a ca. sa. take from him a bond for the prison rules? It is evident the power of a sheriff under such a process does not become entirely extinct upon the commitment of the debtor. The prisoner has a right at any time to his discharge from confinement, upon payment of the debt and costs, or on tendering the value thereof in slaves or personal property. That tender must however be made to the sheriff: for it is clear the plaintiff in the execution cannot be compelled to receive property in discharge of his debt; and according to the decision of this Court in the case of  Wallace and Picket (6 Ky. 199) the jailer has no right to receive the money, and consequently has no authority to receive property for the purpose of making the money. The sheriff, therefore, must be considered as retaining authority, even after commitment, to receive the money, or in case of a tender receive the property and discharge the prisoner from confinement. If then the sheriff retains authority to receive the money and discharge the prisoner, it follows he may release him from close confinement; and consequently, for his own justification he may take the bond for the keeping of the prison rules. The exercise of this power by the sheriff can in practice produce no prejudicial consequences. The jailer can sustain no injury thereby, because the sheriff's discharge will be his justification. The plaintiff in the execution cannot be injured, because he has the benefit of the bond as well as the responsibility of the sheriff for a faithful performance of his office. And the sheriff cannot be injured, as he need not, without sufficient security, permit the debtor the benefit of the prison rules. A contrary construction would be, however, in violation to the general, if not universal practice of the country, and not so consonant to general principles of law. We are therefore of opinion that the judgment of the Court below in overruling the appellant's demurrer to the appellees' plea is erroneous. Judgment reversed and cause remanded for further proceedings. 
