 Statement of the case. This was an action of replevin, brought by Caperton against Clay and Kerley, for taking two horses. Clay pleaded not guilty, and Kerley, by consent, had leave to give any special matter in evidence. On the trial, after Caperton had proved the taking of the horses by Kerley, in virtue of execution against Caperton's estate, issued at the suit of Clay, upon two replevin bonds taken on a distress warrant for rent, from Mead and Caperton as his security, and returned to the office of William Kerley, a justice of the peace, who issued the executions thereon, Kerley, the defendant, produced the executions in evidence, and proved that he was an acting constable, and in virtue of the executions had seized the horses in question. The court, on the motion of Kerley, for that purpose, refused to instruct the jury that he was justified in the seizure and detention by virtue of the executions, and on the motion of Caperton, instructed the jury that the executions were void, and afforded no justification to the defendant Kerley. To these opinions Kerley excepted, and a verdict and judgment having been entered against the defendants, they have brought the case to this court by writ of error. (1.) It is obvious that the decision of the circuit court can not be sustained upon legal principles. The executions were writs of fi. fa. in debt, for sums within the jurisdiction of a justice of the peace, and on their face were in all respects regular. In such a case, the executions, though they may be irregular and void as to the plaintiff in them, are, nevertheless, a sufficient justification to the constable or officer who is bound to execute them. (1) An officer in an action of replevin against him, may justify seizing the property, by showing an execution against his adversary issued by a justice for an amount of which he had jurisdiction, regular on its face, without showing the judgment. (2.) For there is a clearly established distinction between the plaintiff at whose suit an execution is issued, and the officer to whom it is directed to be executed. The former must show, if sued, a judgment which authorizes the execution; but it is sufficient for the latter to show the execution, and if that has nothing on its face which renders it irregular and void, it is to him a justification. 2 Bac. Ab. title Execution, letter P. *2 (2) The plaintiff in an execution against him for causing a seizure of goods, must show the judgment on which it issued--Arg. The judgment reversed with costs, and the cause remanded for a new trial to be had not inconsistent here with. Sharp, attorney-general, for plaintiffs; Turner, for defendant. 
