 *1 THIS is a contest for land, under conflicting titles. Both parties have appealed from the decree of the Court below. The defendant in that Court derives his title under the elder entry and patent. The objects called for in his entry are indisputably established, both with respect to their identity and notoriety; but it is evident that a survey made in conformity to the location, according to any rational mode of construing it, cannot include any part of the land in controversy. It is, therefore, upon his patent alone that the defendant can justly place any reliance; and consequently the contest turns upon the validity of the entry under which the complainant derives title, and the manner in which it ought to be surveyed. Entry of 1000 acres, "on the head of the first branch that runs into Green river above Pitman's creek, about two and a half miles from the river, to include a large camp on said branch, running with the Cumberland trace for quantity." Green river presumed notorious at the date of the entry. Pitman's creek and Cumberland trace admitted by the parties as notorious. The Cumberland trace running down the branch claimed and being the first of considerable size above Pitman, sufficient to designate it as the branch intended. The "two and a half miles" ought to control in some measure the survey. The land not to approach nearer the river than necessary to include the camp and run along the trace in the direction from the river; in a square, the lines parallel to the general course of so much of the trace as will be included, and at right angles thereto, barely including the camp. Upon cross appeals the survey directed by this Court being variant from that directed by the Court below whereby each party will gain some land not decreed to him and lose some decreed to him below, each party to pay his own costs. The entry is for 1000 acres, upon a treasury warrant and was made in the name of Roger Thompson, on the 22d of May, 1780, and calls to lie "on the head of the first branch that runs into Green river above Pitman's creek, about 2 1/2 miles from the river, to include a large camp on the said branch, running with the Cumberland trace for quantity." Green river, as well from its having been made the the boundary of the land reserved for satisfying military claims as from its geographical importance, must be presumed to have been well known at the date of this entry. Pitman's creek and the Cumberland trace are admitted by the parties to have been generally known at that period by those names, and the branch intended to be designated by the entry as the one on the head of which the land was to lie, is sufficiently identified by the circumstance of the Cumberland trace leading along it from its mouth to its source, and by its being the first one above Pitman's creek, on which an entry of 1000 acres, 2 1/2 miles from the river, could lie. There is some proof with respect to several encampments on the branch; but the one claimed by the complainants, from its contiguity to the head of the branch, and from its correspondence with the distance the location is made from the river, as well as from its size, it being the only one which in comparison with the others can be denominated large, is clearly entitled to the preference as the one indicated by the entry. *2 The objects called for being established, it remains to determine how the entry should be surveyed. Upon this point there is some difficulty. Putting the call for distance from the river out of the question, a doubt would arise whether the call for the head of the branch should be taken as locative or as a general description of the body of the land. In the former case, the survey as directed by the Court below, making the center of the large encampment a point from which the survey should extend along the trace in either direction equal distances, would be correct. But if the call to "lie on the head of the branch," should be construed to have a locative effect, then the survey ought to extend along the trace equal distances from the encampment and from the head of the branch, making the survey as much longer than wide as those two objects are distant from each other. But it is unnecessary to determine what would be the effect of the other calls of the entry, in the absence of that for distance from the river, since we are of opinion that, combining the latter with the others, neither of the preceding modes of surveying the entry can be deemed to be correct. The call for "2 1/2 miles from the river," has clearly a reference to the land located, and requires that it should lie as near that distance from the river as is consistent with the other calls of the entry, giving to each its due weight. The distance not, indeed, being expressed in exact and precise terms, allows of some latitude, and may therefore yield so far as is necessary to comply with the other calls. As the large camp called for is within a few poles of the given distance, a survey barely including the camp in boundary next the river and extending from the river with the course of the trace, would much more nearly conform to the distance called for, than would a survey made in either of the before mentioned modes, and ought therefore to be preferred to either of them. That such was the intention of the locator, is farther manifested by the call for "running with the trace for quantity." After directing that the land should lie 2 1/2 miles from the river, near to which point an object was to be included, the call to run with the trace for quantity strongly implies that the survey was intended not to run with the trace toward the river, but with the trace in its direction from the river. The survey ought then to be made in a square, the lower boundary barely including the large camp, and the lines extending from the lower boundary to be parallel with the general course of the trace so far as it shall be included in the survey. A survey thus made will literally comply with every call in the entry. The land will lie on the head of the branch, and be about 2 1/2 miles from the river, and the survey will include the large camp and run with the trace for quantity. According to this mode of surveying the entry, the complainant will gain some land which was not given to him, and lose some other land which was given to him by the decree of the Court below. We think, therefore, each party ought to pay his own costs in this Court. *3 The decree must be reversed, and the cause remanded for a decree to be entered conformable to the foregoing opinion. 
