 THE main question is, whether the infancy of one tenant in common will prevent the statute of limitations from running against his co-tenant, who is of full age and labors under no disability. The Court below decided this question in the negative, and we have no doubt of the correctness of the decision. Tenants in common, though when in possession theyare seized per moi and per tout, have nevertheless several rights, and cannot join in a real action.--4 Com. Dig. 74. Nor can they recover in an ejectment upon a joint demise, as has been solemnly decided by this Court in the case of  Innis, etc. v. Crawford, 7 Ky. 241. As then their rights are several, it is plain that the right of one may be lost, notwithstanding that of the other may be saved; and as they must bring several actions, it would be absurd to suppose that the one whose right is lost might maintain his action, merely because the other whose right is saved by the statute may do so. The cases referred to by the counsel for the plaintiffs in error, are in principle widely different from the present. In the case of  Kennedy's heirs v. Duncan, Hard. 365, it was held that five years was no bar to a writ of error, where some of the plaintiffs were infants, though others were of full age; but it was expressly upon the ground that they were compelled to join in a writ of error. So in the case of  Wooley v. Bruce, 2 Bibb 105, which involved the question of the right of making a survey after the time limited for making surveys had expired, except in the case of infants, etc., it was held that the infancy of some of the part owners of the entry gave the right of survey; but that was also upon the principle that the survey being an entire thing, the right of the infants to make the survey would have been lost, although expressly saved to them by law, if it could not have been made in the joint names of all the proprietors. These cases, therefore, evidently have in principle no analogy to the present; and so far as any inference applicable to this case can be deduced from them, it would seem rather to fortify than impugn the decision of the Court below. Judgment affirmed with costs. 
