 We are of opinion that the circuit court erred in this case, in instructing the jury, that if they believed the testimony, they must find for the defendants. Where the plaintiff only has given evidence, and it conduces in no degree to establish some fact essential to his recovery, the court may instruct the jury to find for the defendant. Such instructions might, no doubt, be proper in some cases; as where the plaintiff alone had given evidence, and that evidence conduced in no degree to the establishment of some fact or facts essential to his right of recovery, the defendant might well ask, and the court with propriety give instructions to the jury, to find for the defendant. So, where the plaintiff has produced evidence conducing to the establishment of every fact material to his right of recovery, and the defendant has, on his part, adduced evidence of facts sufficient in law to avoid the plaintiff's right, if such evidence on the part of the defendant consists exclusively of matters of record, or of writing, the court, as it is the proper judge of the legal effect of such evidence, may, with propriety, instruct the jury to find for the defendant. So where the plaintiff has, prima facie, made out his case, and the defendant afterwards gives in evidence records and writings only, sufficient in law to avoid the plaintiff's before apparent right. *2 But, in this case, before the instruction in question was given, the plaintiff had not only adduced evidence conducing to establish the facts, which, if unavoided by other facts, would have been sufficient to entitle him to recover; but the defendants had, in avoidance of the plaintiff's right, given evidence, consisting not exclusively of matters of record or of writing, but of the oral?? testimony of witnesses also; and the oral testimony was not less essential to every point of defence relied on by the defendants, than was the written or record evidence?? not only because it directly proved some facts material to those points, but because by the proof of those facts. it conduced to the proof of others, equally material, which might be inferred from them. Of the facts which such evidence conduces to prove, the jury are the only proper judges; and it is not competent for the court to assume the existence of the facts from the evidence, and to predicate instructions of law upon such assumption. But where the evidence of the defendant is in part parol, and the facts it directly proves are not sufficient to avoid the plaintiff's apparent right to recover, but others have to be inferred, the court can not make the inferences and instruct the jury if they believe the evidence, to find for the defendant. Instructions ought, in such case, to be predicated on the facts the evidence conduced to prove, not on the truth of the evidence. Hence it is, that a demurrer to evidence, by the defendant in such a case, is inadmissible, as has been often ruled by this court; and if a demurrer be inadmissible in such a case, a motion to instruct, predicated ??pon the evidence, and not upon the facts which the evidence conduces to prove, being in effect and princi??le the same as a demurrer, must be equally improper ??nd inadmissible. The judgment must be reversed with costs, and the cause be remanded, for a new trial to be had, not inconsistent herewith. Sharp, attorney-general, for plaintiffs; Crittenden, for defendants. 
