 This was a bill in chancery, with injunction, filed by Lewis and Gray, to be released from a judgment at law which Hayden had obtained against Azariah Davis and them, as his securities. They allege that Davis had discharged the judgment by assigning to Hayden a bond for more money than the amount, upon Zeba Howard, who had paid the bond. A decree dismissing a bill absolutely, reversed, and a decree directed, dismissing it without prejudice. Hayden, in his answer, denies that he had ever received payment through Howard or otherwise. Depositions were taken on the part of the complainants; but, on a final hearing, those depositions were rejected, because they had been taken too late, and the bill was decreed to be dismissed, and the injunction dissolved, with ten per centum damages and costs; and to that decree this writ of error is prosecuted by the complainants. Were the depositions taken on the part of the complainants to be read, there could be no doubt of their sufficiency to sustain the complainants' title to relief; and the rejection of the depositions, under the circumstances exhibited in the record, must, to say the least of it, be deemed a very rigid practice; but it is unnecessary to detail the circumstances under which they were rejected, or to enquire how far their rejection, on the score of strict law, could be justified; for it is apparent, that the case was not, in other respects, in a situation which would warrant the final hearing of the cause, and the decree pronounced by the circuit court dismissing the bill absolutely. Davis, who was the principal in the judgment at law, and who is alleged to have discharged it, was unquestionably a necessary party to the suit, and he was not made a part, either complainant or defendant. For this cause the circuit court might have dismissed the bill; but it should have been without prejudice, and not absolutely, as was done by that court. The decree must, therefore, be reversed, so far as it dismisses the bill absolutely, and the cause be remanded, that the bill may be dismissed without prejudice to another suit. Each party must pay their respective costs in this court. 
