 This was an action of assumpsit. Three counts are laid in the declaration. The two first are general counts for the price of a horse sold and delivered by the plaintiff to the defendant. The third count in substance alleges that the defendant, in consideration that the plaintiff sold and delivered to him a horse, of the value of $200, sold and transferred to the plaintiff, in payment for the horse, a note which he held upon one Sorency for the sum of $220; that the plaintiff having brought suit in the name of the defendant on said note, and recovered judgment against Sorency, he, the said Sorency, died, and his executrix filed her bill in chancery against the defendant, to be relieved from the said judgment, on the ground that the note was given for a gaming consideration; that on a final hearing thereof, the judgment at law was decreed to be perpetually enjoined, and the defendant forever restrained from collecting any part thereof, whereby the consideration given by the defendant had wholly failed, and he became thereby liable to pay to the plaintiff the sum of two hundred dollars, and being so liable, promised, &c. Where a man purchases a note. the consideration of which he knows is illegal, he can have no recourse against the seller, on the ground of fraud. Where a man purchases a note without assignment and without recourse, he can claim nothing against the seller, in any event, on the ground of contract. *2 The defendant pleaded the general issue and the statute of limitations. On the trial in the circuit court, the plaintiff proved by a witness, that he sold to the defendant a horse, worth in the opinion of the witness, about seventy dollars, for a note or the benefit of a note then in suit, on Sorency, a part of which had been paid; and that the note, as the witness understood, was given for a gaming consideration, and that fact known to the plaintiff at the time of the contract. The plaintiff then produced in evidence, the records of the suit and judgment at law, in the name of the defendant against Sorency, upon a note for $220, with a credit endorsed thereon of $113, and of a suit in chancery brought by the executrix of Sorency, against the defendant, in which there was a final decree, perpetually enjoining the judgment at law, upon the ground that the note was given for a gaming consideration. On this evidence the jury found a verdict for the defendant, and the plaintiff thereupon moved the court for a new trial; but the court overruled the motion, to which the plaintiff excepted, and a judgment being rendered against him upon the verdict, he has appealed to this court. The consideration for the sale of a note is not the sum expressed in the note; it is the right to the note which passes by the contract to the purchaser, and is executed; consequently, it can not be said, with truth, if nothing shall be recovered on the note, that the consideration of the sale of it has failed. We have no hesitation in affirming the decision of the circuit court. The defendant could be made liable only on the score of fraud or of contract. On the score of fraud, if even it had been committed by the defendant, the plaintiff could not recover in this action, because it is founded upon contract, and not upon fraud. But in truth, there is no pretence to charge the defendant with the commission of fraud in the sale of the note; for the plaintiff knew, at the time he contracted for it, that its consideration was an illegal one. Upon the score of contract, there is, we apprehend, as little ground for supposing the defendant liable. There is no proof of an express contract, on the part of the defendant, to warrant the payment of the note; and from the nature of the transaction, it is plain that the law cannot raise an implied contract to that effect. Where a note is sold without fraud and without an assignment, and there is no express agreement that the seller shall be responsible, the fair and rational presumption is, that it is the intention of the parties that the purchaser shall run the risk of the payment of the note by the person bound by it; and certainly the law cannot imply a promise or contract on the part of the seller of the note, contrary to the intention of the parties to the transaction. In general the purchaser of a note in this way, gives less for it than its nominal amount, as was the case in this instance. If, therefore, he gets the money from the payor of the note, he is a gainer, and if he fails to get the money of the payor, and is allowed to recover back the price he gave for the note, he is no loser. On the other hand, the seller of the note must be a loser if the money is paid by its maker; and if the money is not paid, and he is accountable for the price he received, he cannot be a gainer. A rule, then, which would thus operate to the exclusive advantage of one party, and to the prejudice of the other, cannot be equitable; for equity is equality, and requires that he who is to receive the gain, ought to sustain the loss; qui sentit commodum sentire debet et onus. *3 The idea that there is a failure of consideration in such a case, because the note is not paid, is incorrect. The consideration for the price which the seller receives, is his interest in the note, and not the payment of the money by the maker of the note. The consideration is, therefore, an executed and not an executory consideration, and cannot fail. Judgment affirmed with costs. 
