 Judge WALLACE absent. THIS was an action of debt, for L14 18s. principal, L>>>>>8 15s. 1d. interest, and 6 dollars 84 cents, amounting in the aggregate to L25 14s. 2d. The action was brought under a record of a judgment of the County Court of Orange, in Virginia, which the plaintiff set forth as being for L29 16s. to be discharged by the payment of L14 18s. with interest at the rate of six per cent. per annum, from the 30th of May, 1800, until paid, and 6 dollars 84 cents costs. Upon the plea of nul tiel record, the Circuit Court gave judgment for the plaintiff, for L29 16s. to be discharged by the payment of L14 18s., with interest at the rate of six per cent. per annum, from the 30th of May, 1800, until paid, and six dollars eighty-four cents. To which judgment the defendant in the action prosecutes this writ of error. The following objections are taken to the proceedings and judgment. 1. That there is a variance between the record set forth in the declaration and that offered in support of it. 2. That there is no averment of the service of process in the action in the County Court of Orange. 3. That the judgment of the Circuit Court is variant from and more extensive than the demand made by the plaintiff in his declaration. The first objection is not entitled to any weight. The record upon which the action is founded, is not made a part of the record of this case by oyer, bill of exception or demurrer to evidence, and unless it had been thus spread upon the record, we cannot notice any supposed variance between it and the record declared upon, no more than we could, in an action upon a bond notice the variance between the bond alleged in the declaration and that offered in evidence, unless it were in like manner spread upon the record. *2 The second objection supposes the necessity of an averment, which the approved forms of pleading do not require. In pleading a judgment, it is not necessary to set forth the whole proceedings; it is sufficient to state briefly, that the plaintiff impleaded the defendant in _____ Court, in a plea of debt, and that the plaintiff, at the _____ term, by the consideration of said Court, recovered judgment, etc.--See 1 Saund. 92, n. 2. The manner in which the judgment in this case is set forth is not very formal, but defects in form are waived by pleading to the action. The third objection appears to be well founded. The judgment rendered by the Circuit Court, though it conforms to the record of the judgment set forth in the declaration, is substantially variant from the demand claimed by the plaintiff. He claims only an aggregate interest of L8 15s. 1d., being that which had accrued upon the L14 18s. at the time of commencing his action, and the judgment of the Court is for a continual accumulating interest upon the L14 18s. from the 30th of May, 1800, until paid. The judgment in this respect is for more than the amount demanded. In no case ought the plaintiff to recover more than that which h?? claims, although he may by his pleadings and evidence show himself entitled to more. From the manner in which the suit was brought, there is a great difficulty in entering a correct judgment. We think, however, as the plaintiff has shown by the judgment set forth in the declaration that he is entitled to more than the sum which he demands, he may properly take judgment for that amount; that is, for L29 16 to be discharged by the payment of L14 18, with interest thereon to the amount of L>>>>>8 15 1 and $6 84, together with his costs. This being for less than he has shown himself entitled to, will not be to the prejudice of the defendant, and he will therefore have no right to complain of it. The judgment to be reversed with costs, and the cause remanded, with direction to enter a judgment in conformity to the foregoing opinion. 
