 RUMSEY being indebted to Rennick and others, citizens of Virginia, conveyed a tract of land lying in Munroe county of that State, to trustees, who are also citizens of that State, for the purpose of securing the payment of those debts. The debts thus secured not being paid at the time appointed in the deed of trust, the land was sold at public auction at Greenbriar court house, and Rennick became the purchaser, at a very inadequate price, and for much less than was sufficient to satisfy the debts. For the balance due to Rennick, he assigned Rumsey's obligation to Belshe, who brought suit in the Christian Circuit Court, and obtained judgment at law. To enjoin proceeding upon which, Rumsey filed this bill, making the trustees and creditors defendants, alleging the sale to be fraudulent, and praying for relief. *2 On a final hearing, the Circuit Court decreed that the judgment at law should be perpetually enjoined; to reverse which this writ of error is prosecuted. The evidence in the cause is certainly not sufficient to warrant the imputation of fraud to the trustees. They do not, however, seem to have been sufficiently attentive to the interest of Rumsey, for whom, as well as for the creditors, they are trustees. Several appointments to sell at Munroe court house, within a few miles of which the land lies, were made, and no sale was attempted, nor any cause assigned for not doing so. These failures were naturally calculated to discourage those disposed to purchase, from attending at future appointments to sell, and thereby to depreciate the price for which the land might have been sold. The place too, where the sale was ultimately effected, being at a considerable distance, and in a different county from where the land lies, must in the nature of things have a tendency to produce the same effect. This effect was not only evidently desired by Rennick, but artfully furthered and promoted by him, in soliciting and obtaining, under specious pretenses, an agreement with the other creditors, not to bid against each other. Combined with the great inadequacy of the price for which the land sold, these circumstances, if not sufficient in themselves to set aside the sale, are at least sufficient to hold Rennick to the offer made in his answer, to reconvey the land to Rumsey, upon being paid his debt and the money he advanced to the other creditors; and such ought to have been the relief granted, if the Court had possessed the power of enforcing it. But it is urged that the Court were not only incompetent to do this, but that they had no jurisdiction of the case; as both the land, and Rennick, who holds the title, are without the limits of this Commonwealth. There is no doubt that the Court could not act either in rem or in personam, neither being within its jurisdiction; and therefore a decree intended directly to operate upon either would be useless and nugatory. But the Court unquestionably has jurisdiction of the judgment at law, and may restrain its collection until Rennick shall do what is equitable. Instead however of at once making the injunction perpetual, the Court should have decreed that Rennick should reconvey the land to Rumsey, upon the latter paying the amount of the debt he contracted to pay to Rennick, and the sums Rennick advanced to the other creditors, with interest thereon, allowing Rennick a reasonable time to do so; and if he should fail to make the conveyance, then the injunction should be made perpetual; but if he should tender a sufficient conveyance, and Rumsey should fail or refuse to make the payment aforesaid, then the injunction should be dissolved. The decree must be reversed with costs, and the cause remanded to the inferior Court, that a decree may be entered in conformity to the foregoing opinion. 
