 *2 This was an action of detinue for four slaves, Caroline and her three children. The general issue was pleaded, with leave to give the special matter in evidence, and on the trial in the circuit court, the evidence produced on the part of the plaintiff, established, or at least conduced to establish, the following facts. Detinue for slaves, plea, &c. In 1787, Peter Hord, Sen. of Stafford County, Virginia, departed this life, having previously made his will, which was afterwards duly admitted to record in the court of that county, and contains the following clauses: Evidence of plaintiff. "I leave to my son, Peter Hord, during his natural life, the use of the plantation whereon I now live, with all the rest of the land on the same side of the main road, also, one negro boy, named Cupid; and at his decease I give and bequeath all the aforesaid land and negro, together with all the negroes that may fall to him in dividing my estate and their increase, to be equally divided among his seven children, viz: Sarah Hord, Whitly Hord, Margaret Hord, Reuben Hord, Elizabeth Hord, Anka Hord, and Agatha Hord, and their heirs forever." Extract from the will of Peter Hord, the elder. "Item, I give to my four children, Killis Hord, Peter Hord, Antheret Hord, and Sarah Hord, all of that part of my brother Ambrose Hord's estate that fell to me by his last will and testament; that part received to stand as it was settled, the 4th day of January, 1786, at my house; and whereas there are suits depending for that estate of my brother Ambrose Hord, deceased, whatever may be recovered for the said estate, I give my part to be equally divided amongst my children, Killis Hord, Peter Hord, Antheret Hord, and Sarah Hord, to them and their heirs forever." The will then proceeds after directing the debts of the testator to be paid, to give all the residue of his estate to his four children, and their heirs, and appoints them his executors, all of whom qualified. Caroline was one, or the descendant of one of those slaves which fell to Peter Hord, Sen. under the will of his brother Ambrose, and having come to the possession of his son, Peter Hord, he claimed the fee simple in her, in virtue of the second clause above recited of his father's will. In 1805, two of his seven children named in the first clause of the will before recited having departed this life unmarried and without issue the survivors with their husbands, who are the plaintiffs in this suit, filed their bill in chancery in Stafford county, Virginia, against their father, setting up their claim to Caroline and other slaves, under the will of their grandfather, after the death of their father, and suggesting that he was about to sell or remove them out of the state, prayed for, and obtained, an injunction. To this bill their father answered, claiming the slaves in fee in his own right under the will of the testator, and on a final hearing the court decreed, that he should be perpetually enjoined from removing the slaves out of the state, and that he should give bond and security for the forth-coming and delivery of them to the plaintiff, when their right should accrue. *3 Bill in equity by the devisees in remander in Va. to prohibit the tenant for life from selling and removing the slaves from the State.--Decreed accordingly and bond required. In 1812, on the marriage of his daughter by a second wife, Caroline was delivered by the father of the plaintiff to his son-in-law, by whom, or some one claiming under him, she was removed to Kentucky, and sold to the husband of the defendant, in whose possession she and her three children were at the commencement of this suit. Facts apparent in evidence. Peter Hord, the father of the plaintiffs, died in 1820, and this suit was commenced in 1824. On this state of the cause in substance, the circuit court on the motion of the defendant, instructed the jury to find as in case of a non suit, to which the plaintiffs excepted, and a verdict and judgment having been rendered against them, they have appealed to this court. Instructions for non-suit verdict for defendant, and exceptions. It is obvious that the instruction given by the circuit court to the jury, could be proper only upon the supposition that the case made out by the plaintiffs did not show them to have such a right to the slaves in question as would entitle them to recover in this action; but on what supposed defect in their title the motion to instruct, or the instruction given by that court, was predicated is not stated in the record. We are, however, furnished with several objections to their title by the argument on the part of the defendant in this court, and such of these as are deemed material to the interest of the parties, we will proceed to examine. Where instructions for nonsuit may be given and where not. In the first place, it is contended, that as the first clause in the will of Peter Hord, Sen. only gives to the plaintiffs the remainder after the death of their father, in the slaves, which might fall to him in the division of the testator's estate, it does not apply to the slaves which were given, by the second clause; the estate thereby bequeathed, being distinguished by the testator as part of his brother Ambrose Hord's estate, and as Caroline was one of the slaves which passed by that clause to the father of the plaintiffs, it is inferred that they cannot be entitled to the remainder in her or her children. Devise to Peter for life, of specified property, together with all the negroes that may fall to him in dividing testator's estate, with remainder to Peter's children by name; these children take the remainder in Peter's part of slaves devised undivided to testator and others by one before dead, and by an after clause in this will, devised to Peter, his brothers and sisters. This argument, though plausible, is not solid. The first clause of the will gives to the seven children of Peter, the son of the testator, the remainder after their father's death in all the negroes which might fall to him in the division of the testator's estate; and, undoubtedly, the slaves which the testator had acquired under his brother Ambrose's will, were as much and as properly his estate as those were which he had acquired in any other way. Indeed, in the very act of bequeathing them by his will, he treats them as his estate and the manifest purpose of referring to the estate of his brother, in the second clause of the will, was not thereby to pass his brother's estate, but describe that part of his own estate which he intended thereby to bequeath. *4 The slaves, therefore, given in the second clause of the will to his son Peter and his three other children, being slaves which must fall in part to Peter, on the division of his estate, come literally within the import of the preceding clause, whereby the remainder over, after the death of Peter, was given to his seven children. But, secondly, it is contended that the second clause in the will gives to Peter and the other children of the testator, a fee simple in the estate thereby devised, and that being in this respect repugnant to the preceding clause, must prevail over it. Where there are repugnant clauses in a will the latter shall prevail-- The principle that where there are two devises in a will so utterly repugnant that both can not have effect the latter must prevail may be conceded. But-- But we can not admit that there is such a repugnance in the two clauses of the will in this case. Had the estate acquired by the testator under the will of his brother been expressly devised to Peter and his other children and to their heirs, we would, notwithstanding, have thought as to Peter's portion of it, that it should be taken subject to the devise over to his children. It is true, that a gift or grant, whether by deed or will, to a man and his heirs, according to the technical import of the words, will create an estate of inheritance. But in wills, words are not always construed according to their technical import. Repugnance in different clauses of the will shall not be made out by the technical meaning of terms-- For-- Where the intention is manifest, even technical words must yield to that so far as is necessary to give it effect, and in this case it is clearly the intention, by the first clause of the will, to give the remainder to Peter's seven children in all the slaves which should come to him in the division of the testator's estate. But this intention would have no effect, if the devise over to the seven children were to be construed not to apply to the slaves included in the second clause of the will, merely because they were given to the devisees and their heirs; for the residuary clause expressly gives all the residue of the estate to the same devisees and their heirs, and beside these there is no other clause in the will under which the testator's son Peter could take any slaves which would be subject to the devise to his children in remainder. Had the testator, therefore, in the second clause of his will expressly given the estate thereby bequeathed to his son Peter and his other children and their heirs, it would, we apprehend, have been more rational to suppose that he had used the words, and their heirs, inaccurately, so far as they related to Peter's part, than that his intention that Peter's children should take in remainder, should be entirely defeated. Where a consistent intention appears in the context it must prevail, and it shall be supposed the testator employed the words, whose strict signification would make a repugnance, in an improper sense. *5 But the truth is, the testator has not given the slaves which passed by the second clause of the will expressly to the devisees and their heirs. That clause, by adverting to it, will be seen to consist of two distinct branches, the first of which relates to that part of the estate of the testator's brother which he had received, and the second to that which was in suit, and it is only the latter which he expressly gives to the devisees and their heirs, while he gives the former without any words of perpetuity; and it is inferable that the slaves, including Caroline, which came to Peter, in virtue of the second clause of the will, was of that part of the estate of the testator's brother which he had received. In fact, there is no evidence to show that any part of the estate in suit was ever recovered. There is, therefore, nothing in the second clause of the will as to the slaves which passed thereby to Peter expressly inconsistent with the devise in the preceding clause to his children in remainder. Construction of the will and facts proved. In the third place it is contended that, as two of the seven children to whom the devise over in remainder was made had died, their interest in the slaves did not accrue to the survivors, but went to the representatives of the deceased, who ought, therefore, to have joined in the action. Devise over after a life estate vests the devisees in remainder with an immediate interest, and, the estate of one of them dying intestate passes to his representatives, not the survivors. As the devise was to the seven children by name, it is very clear that they took an immediate vested interest, and that the shares of the deceased children went to their representatives, and did not accrue to the survivors. As the will directed the slaves to be equally divided amongst these children, they must have taken, not as joint tenants, but as tenants in common, and at common law, where one of several tenants in common died, his interest went to his representatives, and did not accrue to the survivors. But even supposing the children to have taken as joint tenants, the interest of the deceased children would not have survived to the survivors, for prior to making the will the statute of Virginia had passed, abolishing the jus accrescendi between joint tenants, and placing them upon the footing of tenants in common so that whether the children be considered as tenants in common, or joint tenants, the beneficial interest of those who died must have gone to their representatives. Statute abolishing the jus accrescendi--As to tenants in common, it never applied. But it does not follow that the right to join in the action with the survivors belonged to them. For although there are cases in which the representatives of the deceased co-tenants may lawfully join in an action with the survivors, yet there are others in which they most evidently can not do so. Their right to join, or not to join, in an action depends upon the question whether the thing of which they seek a recovery has been in their possession, or is a thing which is in action only. If a thing be in the possession of either of the co-tenants at the time of the death of one of them, the representative of the deceased tenant would, in that case, be jointly possessed with the survivor, and for any privation of that possession, or injury done to it, they might and ought to join in an action with the survivor. *6 Where one of several cotenants is possessed of the thing at the death of another, if it be afterwards in jured or wrong-fully detained, the representatives of the deceased may join with the survivors in the action. But, if the thing be in action only, as if there be a debt due to two or more, one of whom dies, or if a specific chattel held in co-tenancy be taken by a stranger, and possessed adversely to him, at the time of the death of one of the co-tenants, the representatives of the deceased can not join with the survivor for its recovery. Where the cause of action accrued prior to the death, the survivors only must sue. Thus, although at common law there was no survivorship of their beneficial interest between partners in trade, yet it has been held that the right of action survived, and that, consequently, the executor or administrator of the deceased partner can not join with the survivor, for the recovery of a debt due to them, 1 Ld. Ray. 340. So to an action of trover brought by the survivor of three partners in trade, it can not be objected that the right of survivorship did not exist for the legal right of action survives, though the beneficial interest may not, 1 Chitty, 55. This the rule as to the action, tho' the interest may not so survive. And since the statute placing joint tenants upon the footing, in this respect, of tenants in common, the same doctrine has been applied to debts or demands jointly due to persons not partners in trade,  Hard. 480. Now, in this case, with respect to the right of the children who were devisees in remainder after the death of their father, Peter Hord, the slaves in question must, we conceive, be considered as things in action, and not in possession; for although at the time of the death of the deceased children, Caroline was in the possession of their father, whose possession, as he was tenant for life, could not be treated as adverse to their title, yet as their right to the possession did not commence until the death of their father, and Caroline and her children were then in the adverse possession of another, it is plain that they must be considered as things in action merely, and the right of action, therefore, must, according to the distinction we have before mentioned, have survived to the surviving children, and consequently, the action was properly brought in their names alone. Where before the death of tenant for life of slaves, part of the remaindermen die and afterwards, at the termination of the particular estate, the slaves are held adversely to them, they are choses in action, and detinue for them must be in the names of the surviving remaindermen. But, in the fourth place, it is contended that the slaves in Virginia were assets in the hands of the executors of the testator, and that without their assent, of which it is alleged there is no proof in the cause, the devisees in remainder could bring no action for their recovery. It is true that the slaves were assets in the hands of the executors, and that without their assent, the devisees could maintain no action at law for their recovery. *7 In Virginia devisees of slaves could not sue till executor assented. But we can not admit that there is no evidence of the assent of the executors to the devise of the slaves. Their assent that the devisee of the particular estate should take by the devise is a sufficient assent to the devise in remainder, and such an assent given by any one of the executors would have the same effect. Assent of one of several executors that devisee of the particular estate shall take it, is sufficient to vest both that and the remainder over. Even where the legacy is given to several executors, the election of one of them to take as legatee, will, without the assent of the others, vest in him, in his individual right, his share of the thing bequeathed; and in this case the evidence, we think, is sufficient to establish the election of Peter Hord, the son of the testator, who was one of the executors, to take the slaves in his own right; for in his answer to the bill filed by the plaintiffs in Virginia, in 1805, he does not pretend to hold the slaves in his right of executor, but claims them in his own right, which in itself amounts to an election by him to hold them as devisee, and not as executor. Tenant of the particular estate being one of several executors, his election to hold as devisee vests the estate in both him and the remainderman. But even the assent of the other executors may, we apprehend, be fairly inferred from the evidence in the case. This inference is justified by the circumstance that Peter Hord, the father of the plaintiffs, held a part of the slaves jointly devised to him and the other executors, in severalty, and was permitted by them to claim and treat them as his own during his life, without any claim on their part ever having been set up to them. This could not, in all reasonable probability, have happened unless the executors had made a division and allotment of the slaves among themselves, and such a division and allotment created a strong presumption of their election to take and hold, each his own share in his own right, and not as executor. Where one executor is devisee of slaves in common with the other executors, his holding part of the slaves in severalty for many years is evidence that there was a division and that all assented. Other grounds were taken in the argument in support of the instruction given by the circuit court to the jury, but these grounds, although ingenious and plausible, derive all their plausiblity from the supposed want of assent of the executors to the devise, and as that supposition can not be admitted to be correct, it seems unnecessary to examine them. The circuit court, therefore, erred in instructing the jury as in case of a non-suit. The judgment must be reversed, with costs, and the cause be remanded that the verdict may be set aside, and a new trial had, not inconsistent with this opinion. Crittenden, for appellants; Mayes, for appellee. 
