 WEATHERFORD had purchased a horse of Rogers, at the price of one hundred dollars; seventy-five of which he paid, and the remaining twenty-five dollars he was to have discharged by the payment of 50 gallons of whisky, but not having the whisky, it was agreed that instead thereof he should procure a bond upon E. Montgomery for twenty-five pounds in property. which Rogers was to take at his own risk, without recourse to Weatherford. *2 Before the bond on Montgomery was procured and assigned to Rogers, Weatherford discovered that the horse was unsound, and that a fraud had been practiced upon him in the sale: in consequence of which he refused to deliver the bond to Rogers, who thereupon brought suit at law, and recovered a judgment for twenty-five pounds, beside costs. To enjoin preceeding upon this judgment, Weatherford filed his bill in chancery; and upon the final hearing of the cause, the Court decreed that the injunction should be dissolved as to twenty-five dollars, and made perpetual as to the residue of the judgment at law; and they also decreed that Weatherford should recover of Rogers his costs of the suit in chancery. To reverse this decree Rogers has prosecuted his writ of error. It was admitted by the parties that Weatherford had recovered of Rogers eighteen pounds in a suit at law for the fraud practiced on him in the sale of the horse, and that Rogers had fully satisfied and contented Weatherford the said sum of eighteen pounds. It also appears in proof that Weatherford, after recovering the judgment for the eighteen pounds, offered to discount twenty-five dollars, as the balance due for said horse, or to deliver to Rogers the bond upon Montgomery; but Rogers refused to accept of either proposition. The fraud practiced upon Weatherford in the sale of the horse, gave him, in foro conscientiae, a reasonable and equitable excuse for not delivering the bond upon Montgomery until he was compensated by Rogers for the fraud. Of this however he could not avail himself, as a defense in the suit at law brought by Rogers against him for failing to comply with his agreement to deliver the bond. He seems, therefore, properly to have sought relief in chancery. After having obtained a judgment at law for the damages he had sustained in the commision of the fraud, a discount of the twenty-five dollars, or a delivery of the bond on Montgomery, was all that, in good faith and conscience, Rogers ought to have demanded of Weatherford; and this Weatherford offered to do. The decree of the Court below seems, therefore, to be correct, so far it dissolves the injunction for twenty-five dollars, and perpetuate it as to the residue of the twenty-five pounds. But it is incorrect in not dissolving the injunction as to the costs of the suit at common law, and in not decreeing ten per cent. damages on the amount of the judgment at law for which the injunction was dissolved. Decree reversed. 
