 Statement. This was a bill in chancery, filed by the heirs of Isaac Hite, asserting a superior equity to land derived under an entry made in virtue of the laws of Virginia, and claiming to have a conveyance of the elder legal title, held by Lytle, under an adverse claim derived from the same laws. The court below, on a final hearing, dismissed the complainant's bill, and they have appealed to this court. The entry under which the complainants claim their equity, is as follows: 1787, February 24. "Robert Breckenridge enters 250 acres of land, on part of a T. Wt. No. 13293, on the waters of Fern creek, to begin at the beginning corner of Daniel Broadhead's entry of 500 acres, three miles southeast from the Beach spring, and to run with the said Broadhead's line south, and passing his corner 30 poles, thence east for quantity." Rob't Breckenridge's entry. Daniel Broadhead's entry is as follows: 1780, May, 9th. "Daniel Broadhead enters 500 acres, by virtue of a treasury warrant, on the south side of the south fork of Beargrass. Beginning about three miles southeast of the Beach spring, thence southward and westward for quantity." Broadhead's entry. The Beach Spring is the only object called for by these entries, which can impart to them any degree of precision and certainty, and proof, therefore, of its notoriety by that name, is necessary, in order to sustain the entries. With respect to its notoriety, on the 9th of May, 1780, when Broadhead's entry was made, there is some contraiety of proof. The weight of evidence, however, we think is, that it was known by that name by the generality of those conversant in its vicinity at that date. But it is clear that, subsequent to that time, and prior to the date of Breckinridge's entry, under which the complainants claim, the Beach Spring had lost its notoriety by that name, the place having become the site of a station, universally known by the name of Sullivan's old station, and although some of those who, prior to the erection of the station, had been conversant in its vicinity, still recollected that the spring had been called by the name of the Beach Spring, none of those who had become acquainted with the place after the settlement of the station, had ever heard of the Beach Spring, and the latter description of persons, it is to be inferred from the evidence, constituted much the greater part of those conversant in its neighborhood at the date of Breckenridge's entry. Breckenridge's entry, therefore, it is plain, could not be supported if it had called for the Beach Spring instead of calling for Broadhead's entry. *2 Objects called for in an entry, must be notorious by the names they are called at the date of making the entry. But can the call for Broadhead's entry make any difference? As the spring was notorious at the date of Broadhead's entry, by the name of the Beach Spring, the call for it by that name is sufficient to support that entry, for, as after acquired notoriety in an object called for by an entry will not aid it, so we apprehend the loss of notoriety in an object called for by an entry, after the entry has been made, ought not to destroy the entry. An entry, whose objects have sufficient notoriety when it was made, is not affected by their afterwards ceasing to exist or to be known by their former names. But although Broadhead's entry be deemed valid, we can not admit, as is contended on the part of the complainants, that it will follow as a necessary consequence, that Breckenridge's entry must also be sustained. Undoubtedly an entry which is made to depend upon another entry, will have a right to all the aid which can be derived from the objects called for by the entry on which it is made to depend, and in general, where the first entry is good, the second entry will be so too. But it may happen to be otherwise, and where the objects, as in this case called for in the first entry existed, and were notorious at its date, but afterwards become extinct or lose their notoriety before the second is made, the latter, we apprehend, can not be sustained, though the former, being good at the time it was made, must forever remain so. Such an entry, whose calls were sufficient at its date, but whose objects of notoriety are no longer known by their former names, will not be an object of notoriety for a subsequent entry.-- To satisfy the requisitions of the law, it is sufficient that an entry so describes its location, that the adjacent residuum might be with certainty appropriated at the time when the entry is made, but less than this will not accord with the demands of the law, and whether an entry calls for objects which do not, at the date of the entry, exist and possess sufficient notoriety, or for another entry which describes its location by such objects, it is equally clear in either case, that the adjacent residuum could not be with certainty appropriated by others. But if the objects of the former good entry continue their notoriety, a call for it will be sufficient. The decree of the circuit court dismissing the complainant's bill is therefore correct, and must be affirmed with cost. Rowan and Crittenden, for appellants; Bibb and J. J. Marshall, for appellee. 
