 This is a writ of error prosecuted by Ham's administrator to a judgment recovered against him by Tinchener in an action of debt, upon a bond to secure the costs of a suit in chancery, brought by Flournoy, a non resident, against Tinchener and others, in the Madison circuit court. Debt on a bond, for security of costs of a suit by a non-resident in the circuit court, payable to one defendant, "Robert Tinchener," &c., "and all the officers of the Madison circuit," in the name of Tinchener only. The bond was executed by Ham "to Robert Tinchener, &c. and all the officers of the Madison circuit court;" And the principal question in the case is whether Tinchener could maintain the action in his own name alone. If he is the only obligee in the bond, it is clear that the action was properly brought in his name alone; but if there be other obligees, it is equally clear that they ought to have joined in bringing the action. The other defendants in the suit are not obligees in the bond. On the part of Ham's Administrator it is contended that the other defendants in the suit, to secure the costs of which the bond in question was given, are obligees as well as Tinchener. But in this position we cannot concur. Those defendants are not named in the bond, nor are they otherwise described than by the "&c." after the name of Tinchener. *2 To enable a person to take as a grantee, or obligee, in a deed or bond, it is not indeed indispensable that he should be named. Names are only necessary for the purpose of distinction, and may be supplied in contracts and deeds, by a description indicating with sufficient certainty the person or persons intended to take by the contract or deed. But the &c. in the bond in this case is too vague and indefinite to answer the purpose of discrimination. Being in its import equally applicable to all or to any persons or things, it can not be taken as descriptive in itself of any individual or class of individuals, persons or things, and can not, therefore, supply the names of such individuals. One may take by deed or bond by a description of him individually, but "&c." added to the name of one obligee is ineffectual because descriptive of neither class nor individual. It is true that the bond in question here is conditioned to pay the cost of the suit brought against Tinchener and others, and these others are, therefore, beneficially interested in the performance of the condition, but it does not follow that they are obligees; for although a bond be given, as it legally may, to one, conditioned for the payment of money or the doing of some other act, for the benefit of himself and others, or even for the exclusive benefit of others, yet he to whom the bond is given would be the sole obligee, and he alone, having the legal right, could bring the action upon the bond in his own name only. Action must be in the name of whoever is the obligee, tho' the condition of the bond be to perform acts wholly for the benefit of others. The other defendants in the suit, to secure the costs of which the bond in question was given, can not, therefore, be considered as obligees, and of course it was not necessary that the action should have been brought in their names. But we conceive that the persons who were officers of the Madison circuit court, at the time when the bond was executed, are obligees. Any description of the individual, as by his office, dignity, or relationship, will be sufficient in a conveyance or obligation, whether accurate or not so the person be thereby known. We have already remarked, that a person may be a grantee or obligee in a deed or bond without being named, if there be a sufficient description of the person. Thus Coke tells us, that "purchases are good, in many cases by a certain description of the person without either surname or name of baptism, as uxori J. S. or primo genito filio, or secundo genito filio &., or filio natu minimo J. S. or seniori puero or omnibus filiis or filiabus J. S. or omnibus liberis seu exitibus of J. S. or to the right heirs of J. S." Co. Litt. 3. a 3. b. And if the person be named and the name mistaken, still if the description be sufficiently certain to correct the mistake and identify the person, the deed will be good, and the person take under it, and hence Coke, after informing us that wife or uxor is a sufficient description, without a Christian name subjoins "and so it is if a Christian name be added and mistaken as Em for Emelyn &c. for utile per inutile non vitiatur" Co. Lit. 3. a. *3 The reason is the same, and the rule of course must be the same, where the person is described by his office or dignity. Thus "if lands be given to Robert, Earl of Pembroke, where his name is Henry, to George, Bishop of Norwich where his name is John, and so on of an abbot &c. for in these and the like cases there can be but one of that dignity or name, and therefore such a grant is good albeit the name of baptism be mistaken." Ib. If then a person can take by a description, without being named in a deed or bond as a grantee or obligee, it will follow, as the bond in this case was given to Tinchener and all the officers of the Madison circuit court, that the latter are joint obligees with Tinchener, and that the action ought to have been brought in their names as well as his. In an action on a bond for costs payable to defendant and all the officers of the Madison circuit court, the officers must unite. We have no idea that they can be obligees in their official capacity. It is only in their private rights that they can take and hold property, and it is consequently only in that character that they can be obligees. In England even sole corporations, such as bishops, prebendaries, parsons, vicars, &c. cannot be obligees, and therefore, it is held that a bond made to any of these shall enure to them in their natural capacities; Bac. Abr. Tit. Obligations, Letter D. Not in their official but private characters and proper names. It results therefore, as the action in this case was brought in the name of Tinchener alone, when there were other obligees who ought to have joined in the action, that the judgment for the plaintiff is erroneous. It must therefore be reversed with costs, and the cause be remanded that judgment may be given abating the writ. Turner, for plaintiff; Caperton for defendant. 
