(Cite as: 1 A.K.Marsh. 409,  8 Ky. 409 (Ky.),  1818 WL 1443 (Ky.)) C Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Allen v. Gant. Dec. 9, 1818. West Headnotes Sheriffs and Constables 353 k 125(1) 353 Sheriffs and Constables 353III Powers, Duties, and Liabilities 353k125 Amercement and Other Summary Remedies Against Officers 353k125(1) k. In General. Most Cited Cases A plaintiff in an execution, residing out of the county, cannot recover, on a motion against the sheriff, the money collected, unless he has appointed an agent in the county or made a personal or written demand in the county. JUDGE OWSLEY DELIVERED THE OPINION OF THE COURT:FNa1 FNa1. Absent Chief Justice Boyle. *1 According to the clear and obvious import of the act of 1796, concerning executions,  (1 Littell, 552), no judgment can be entered against a sheriff for the non-payment of any money mentioned in an execution, without a demand thereof shall have been made of the sheriff in his county by the creditor or some other person having a written order from him; unless the creditor either resides in the county to which the execution is directed, or names some person resident there, his agent for the purpose of receiving the money. A sheriff is not liable to judgment on motion for failing to pay over money collected on execution, unless the plaintiff in execution resides in the county, or names an agent resident therein or demands the money of the sheriff within his county by personal application or written order. The sheriff having refused to pay to the attorney at law (resident in another county and having no written order from the plaintiff in execution), does not subject him to judgment on the motion. Because, therefore, no such agent is proven in the present case to have been appointed, and the creditor is shewn to have resided in another county, it was irregular to enter judgment against the sheriff for failing to pay the money to the attorney at law, residing also in another county, upon his application, but without his having any written order from the creditor authorizing him to collect it. The judgment must, therefore, be reversed with cost, the cause remanded to the court below, and further proceedings had not inconsistent with this opinion. 
