(Cite as: 2 Bibb 301,  5 Ky. 301 (Ky.),  1811 WL 784 (Ky.)) C Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Trigg's administrator v. Daniel, etc. Spring Term, 1811. *1 The widow is entitled to one third of the slaves for life of which the husband died possessed; and one third of the personal estate after payment of debts. The testator having given the powerto sell lands for the education and support of the children, the administrator de bonis non had no claim upon the representatives of the administratrix with the will annexed for rents of the lands; nor had the representatives of the administratrix with the will annexed any claim for improvements made on the lands. The care, education and support of the children being confided to the executors, the administratrix with the will annexed had a right to retain all disbursements for that purpose, and those sums were properly allowed against the administrator de bonis non. West Headnotes Executors and Administrators 162 k 131 162 Executors and Administrators 162IV Collection and Management of Estate 162IV(B) Real Property and Interests Therein 162k131 k. Rents and Profits. Most Cited  Cases An administrator de bonis non can have no claim upon the heirs of the administratrix with the will annexed for rents of land sold under a power in the will, nor have the representatives of said administratrix any claim for improvements made on said lands. Executors and Administrators 162 k 301 162 Executors and Administrators 162VII Distribution of Estate 162k301 k. Advances by Executor or Administrator. Most Cited Cases Executors have a right to be reimbursed for all sums applied to the education and support of children under the directions of a will. Wills 409 k 801 409 Wills 409VII Rights and Liabilities of Devisees and Legatees 409VII(K) Election 409k798 Operation and Effect 409k801 k. Taking Against Will. Most Cited  Cases A. renounced the provision made for her in her husband's will. The deceased having left issue, it was held that she was entitled to one-third part of the slaves which the deceased possessed at the time of his death and one-third part of the other personal estate after payment of the debts. Special Court composed of Chief Justice BOYLE and Judge CLARKE. Opinion of the Court by Judge CLARKE. STEPHEN TRIGG, by his last will, devised his estate to be equally divided between his wife, Mary Trigg, and his three children. That a division should not take place until his eldest son came of age, but the whole to be kept together for the use of the family, unless his wife should marry; on which event he directs a division to be made. The estate devised to his wife was for her life only. His children to be well educated, and his family genteelly supported. His executors were authorized to sell such and so much of his lands as they should think proper, and lay out the proceeds in the purchase of negroes, and educating and maintaining his children and family, or any other way they might think best. The executors named in the will having referred the execution of it, on the 4th of March, 1783, it was admitted to record, and administration with the will annexed granted to the said Mary Trigg, who at the same time renounced the provisions made for her by the will. *2 She died on the _____ day of _______, 1786, having previously intermarried with Robert Daniel, who possessed himself of the estate that had come to her hands. On her death, administration de bonis non was granted to Harry Innes, who filed his bill against Robert Daniel and Benjamin Logan, Levi Todd and George May, the securities of Mary Trigg in her administration bonds, for an account of the property administered, and to have the balance delivered over. On the trial, an interlocutory degree was pronounced, from which, by consent, Innes has appealed to this Court. This decree is erroneous, first in allowing the widow a credit of one third part of the appraised value of the estate, after deducting the slaves. By law, she could only claim one third of what should remain after the payment of debts. Our statute concerning wills and the distribution of intestates' estates, gives to the widow, where she renounces the provisions made for her by her husband's will, one third of the slaves of which he died possessed, for her life; and such share of his other personal estate as if he had died intestate. This is, if there be no child, one moiety; or, if there be a child or children, one third. From the whole statute this is clearly to be understood after the payment of debts. The widow having renounced the provisions made for her by the will within the time prescribed by law, became of course entitled for life to one third part of the slaves of which Trigg died possessed; and one third part of the other personal estate, after the payment of debts, and no more. 2. The Circuit Court has erred in that part of the decree which relates to the real estate of the testator. The administratrix, unless authorized by the will, had no power to concern with the realty. The will of Stephen Trigg gave to his executors control over his real estate for certain purposes only; so far as it was necessary to effect these purposes, they had power over it, and no farther. The will directs the lands to be sold, and the proceeds to be applied to the purchase of negroes and the education and maintenance of his children and family. For the purposes of sale only, had the administratrix with the will annexed a right of control over the lands. Her powers being confined to that object alone, the administrator de bonis non can have no claim for rents, nor the appellees for any improvements made on the land. It may be necessary to consider whether the Circuit Court did right in allowing the claim for the maintenance and education of the children of the testator. Considering this question abstracted from the will, it is clear the demand would be against the children or distributees, and not against the administrator de bonis non. But as the will directs the children to be well educated and genteelly supported, the superintendence of which being confided to his executors, clearly gave them a claim for all sums disbursed in carrying that object of the testator into effect. Upon this point we can see no error in the decree. *3 Wherefore it is decreed and ordered that the decree of the Circuit Court, so far as it is contrary to the foregoing opinion, be reversed, and that the balance of the decree be affirmed; and it is further decreed and ordered that the appellees do pay to the appellant his costs expended in this appeal. 
