 *1 THIS was a joint action, brought by the appellee against Thomas Arthur and the appellant upon an injunction bond, in which Arthur, who obtained the injunction, and the appellant were jointly bound. The original writ was executed upon the appellant, and as to Arthur the sheriff returned that "he was not found in his bailiwick." against Arthur no further steps appear to have been taken. The appellant appeared and pleaded "that the plaintiff his action against him to have and maintain ought not, because he says when he signed and affixed his name to the paper in the declaration mentioned, it was a blank piece of paper without any bond or writing obligatory written thereon, and so the said defendant says the writing aforesaid is not his deed, and of this he puts himself upon the country." A blank paper sealed and delivered cannot become a deed by having the words of an obligation afterward over written. But a plea that the "paper was blank when signed, and so it is not his deed," is not sufficient. Whether the paper was signed before or after the obligation was written, is immaterial--the obligation takes effect from delivery. The conclusion "and so it is not his deed" does not make it a plea of general non est factum. The return of the sheriff "not found," as to one joint obligor, does not authorize a judgment against the other obligor, without farther proceedings against the defendant not found. To this plea there was a general demurrer, which was sustained by the Court below; and for the damages given upon a writ of inquiry awarded, a final judgment was rendered, from which this appeal is prosecuted. The first point we shall consider is, whether the plea is sufficient or not? There is no doubt that a blank paper which is sealed and delivered, cannot, by having the words of an obligation afterward superscribed, become a deed--4 Com. Dig. 157--Perk. Lec. 118. But it is evidently an immaterial circumstance whether the signature was affixed before the obligation was written or not. At common law signing was in no case an essential requisite of a deed, and it could not be material at what time that was done which was not necessary to be done. The statute of frauds and perjuries has indeed, in cases coming within its provisions, made signing necessary; and a deed in such cases without signing would create no obligation or pass no interest. But even in a case of that kind, it is not apprehended to be material whether the signing is before or after the contract is written, provided in the latter case it were acknowledged afterward; and the sealing and delivering of a deed would no doubt be sufficient evidence of such an acknowledgment. Whether, therefore, we are governed by the principles of the common law or the provisions of the statute, it is equally clear that we cannot say that the signing of the paper before the words of the obligation were written, can affect the validity of the bond. It necessarily results that the averment in the plea "that when the appellant signed and affixed his name to the paper in the declaration mentioned, it was a blank piece of paper," affords no data from which a legal inference can be deduced that the instrument in question is not his deed. An issue joined upon that point would be immaterial, and a verdict finding the fact either the one way or the other would not enable the Court to determine whether the instrument was or was not the deed of the defendant. *2 It was contended in argument that the concluding averment "and so the said defendant says the said writing is not his deed," rendered the plea sufficient as a general non est factum. We are however of opinion this argument is not sound. This was not intended as a distinct substantive averment, and is in fact but a mere conclusion from the matter previously alleged; and as that was insufficient to justify such a conclusion, the conclusion itself must fail. The plea is therefore insufficient, and the demurrer to it was properly sustained by the Court below. The next point we shall notice is as to the propriety of taking judgment against the appellant alone, without the cause having abated or been disposed of against the other defendant. It has been repeatedly held by this Court, that prior to the act of 1811, which introduced a change of the law upon this subject, a judgment could not regularly be taken against one only of several FN(a) defendants in an action upon a joint obligation, unless the suit had been disposed of as to the others. That act has so far changed the law in this respect as to authorize a judgment against one of several defendants in such a case, if the sheriff shall have returned that the others are no inhabitants of his county. But in no other case is such a judgment authorized. FN(a). Shields Perkins, vol. ?? 229--Hardwick?? v. M'Kee, 59??--Lewis v. Davis?? 571. The return of the sheriff in this case did not therefore authorize the final judgment to be taken against the appellant only. The final judgment must be reversed with costs, and the cause remanded for new proceedings not inconsistent with the foregoing opinion. 
