 THIS was an action of detinue for three slaves; a verdict was found for the plaintiff, and a motion for a new trial by the defendant being overruled and exceptions taken by him to the opinion of the Court, a judgment was entered upon the verdict, from which the defendant has prosecuted this appeal. It appears from the exceptions which state the evidence given on both sides in the Court below, that the plaintiff was the original proprietor of the slaves in question, and that the defendant set up title to them in virtue of an absolute bill of sale executed by the plaintiff to him, purporting to be given for a sum of money in hand paid, and stipulating for the delivery of the slaves by the plaintiff to the defendant at a subsequent day. The genuineness of the bill of sale is not denied by the plaintiff; but it is contended by him, that the property in the slaves did not pass thereby: first, because as he alleges it is fraudulent; and secondly, because it was not to take effect until a future day. 1. Had it appeared that the bill of sale had been obtained by the defendant in imposing upon the weakness of the plaintiff, or by the suggestion of a falsehood, or the suppression of the truth in relation to the subject matter of the contract; the plaintiff no doubt might have avoided it, and the objection would have been as availing in a Court of Law, as in a Court of Equity. But the bill of exceptions exhibits no proof of this sort. There is indeed, evidence which conduces in some measure to prove that the bill of sale was fraudulently intended to cover the property of the slaves, and prevent the creditors of the plaintiff from obtaining them. Whether, however, the evidence is sufficient to establish that fact, is not material to be determined: for if the fact were true, although the bill of sale would, as to creditors and purchasers be void, it would nevertheless be obligatory on the parties. In such a case the plaintiff would be particeps criminis, and no less culpable than the defendant. To permit him, therefore, to avail himself of an objection to the contract on this score, would be in violation of the principles which forbid a man to allege his own turpitude, or to take advantage of his own wrong. 2. The position that the property of the slaves did not pass by the bill of sale, because they were to be delivered at a future day, is clearly not maintainable. The delivery of the possession is not necessary, as was supposed in the argument, to transfer the property of a chattel. It vests in the purchaser immediately on the sale, insomuch that if the thing should perish before the delivery, it would be the loss of the purchaser, and not of the vendor. A freehold estate in land cannot indeed, according to the principles of the common law, be granted to commence in futuro; but the doctrine grew out of the feudal system, and was never held to be applicable to the sale or transfer to chattels. In the case of M'Dowell v. Hall, decided (spring term 1812) a sale of a slave to take affect after the death of the grantor, was deemed valid, and held to give to the grantee a right to recover the possession of the slave after the death of the grantor in an action of detinue. That was a much stronger case than the present: for the bill of sale in this case purports to transfer an immediate right of property and is executory only as to the delivery of the possession. *2 We are, therefore, of opinion that the verdict was unsupported by the evidence, and that it ought to have been set aside, and a new trial awarded. The judgment reversed with costs, and the cause remanded for a new trial to be had. 
