 RANKIN exhibited his bill in chancery, against Johnson and the trustees of Lexington, to obtain a conveyance of an out lot. He alleges, that Johnson was the original proprietor of the lot, and sold it to William Henderson, but that the instrument evidencing the sale has been lost or destroyed; that Henderson, who has since departed this life, sold and executed his bond for the conveyance to James Wallace, who in like manner sold and gave a bond for the conveyance to Rankin, the complainant. Neither Henderson's heirs, nor Wallace, are made parties to the suit. The trustees answered that they were willing to convey to whomsoever the right belonged. Johnson in his answer, admits he was the original proprietor, but denies he ever sold to Henderson, and controverts the right of the complainant. On a final hearing, the Court below decreed a conveyance to be made to the complainant; to reverse which Johnson prosecutes this writ of error. The first question necessary to be decided is, whether Henderson's heirs, or Wallace, ought to have been made parties. It is a general rule, that all persons materially interested ought to be made parties to a suit in chancery, however numerous they may be. The object of this rule is to enable the Court to do complete justice by deciding upon, and settling the rights of all persons interested in the subject of the controversy, that future litigation may be prevented, and the performance of the decree made perfectly safe to those who are bound to obey it--Barton's Equity 31, Mitford's pleadings, 144. Both Henderson's heirs and Wallace evidently had an interest in the subject of the present controversy, whether they have parted with their interest cannot, unless they were parties to the suit, be decided so as to bind them and thereby prevent further litigation. Thus for example, if the instrument evidencing the sale from Johnson, should be produced by Henderson's heirs, and suit should be brought by them against Johnson, the decree in the present case would be no bar to a recovery in such suit. Nor could Johnson avail himself of the evidence in this cause, of the derivation of the complainant's title from Henderson, and thus show that his heirs had no right to a recovery; but he would in such suit be driven to resort to original proof, which from time and accident he might be unable to obtain. So if Wallace should sue the heirs of Henderson upon their ancestor's bond for the conveyance of the lot, the decree and proof taken in this cause, to which neither of them is a party, would be equally an inadmissible defense. *2 But it was urged that the want of proper parties could be taken advantage of on demurrer only, and was no ground for reversing a decree upon the merits. It is much to be regretted, that objections of this sort were not always taken at an earlier stage of the cause, but we cannot on that account say that they shall be unavailing in this Court, even though the merits of the cause should appear to be correctly decided. It is expressly laid down in Hinde's Chancery Practice, page 2, that "if upon the face of the bill, it appears that any whose right or interest are concerned, or who ought to have been, are not made parties, the defendant may demur to such bill, or if he does not yet the Court upon hearing will not for want of them proceed to decide; or if it does, the decree may be reversed, or if not reversed, yet none but such as were parties to the suit and those claiming under them, can be bound by the decree." This authority is full and explicit with respect to the question under consideration, and is perfectly consistent with Mitford's Pleadings, page 144, and 1 Harrison's Chancery Practice 76, which were cited and relied upon in the argument. These authorities only show that the want of proper parties is a cause of demurrer, and not that it is no ground for reversing the decree. We therefore feel ourselves constrained, though reluctantly, to sustain the objection, and on that ground to reverse the decree of the Court below.  FNa1 FNa1. The same points were decided in Edwards v. Morris and others at this term, and in M'Intire v. Hughes, October, 1815. In Edwards v. Morris, the Court say that "persons necessary to be made parties, may be either complainants or defendants as the case may require." Wherefore it is decreed and ordered, that the decree of the Circuit Court be set aside and reversed, and that the cause be remanded to said Court for new proceedings to be had therein not inconsistent with the foregoing opinion, etc. 
