 *1 THIS is a contest for land under adverse claims. The appellants were complainants, and derive their title under a settlement and pre-emption granted to Peter Flinn. The certificate and entry of the settlement calls to lie "at the mouth of Brashears' creek, in the fork of said creek and Salt river, crossing the creek to include a pond." The entry upon the pre-emption warrant was made the 30th of March, 1784, and calls to adjoin the settlement "on the north and east sides thereof, and to run north and east for quantity." The surveyor's report is evidence of the existence of objects found upon the land--Accord. Bowling v. Helm, vol. 1 89 -- Heffington v. White, vol. 1 115-- Calk v. Strebling, vol. 1, 124. From the present existence of a large pond, its existence at the date of the entry may be presumed. So of any natural and permanent object; but not so of an artificial, or a mutable object.--Accord. Walker v. Montgomery, vol. 2, 259. Entry of 400 acres "to lie at the mouth of Brashears' creek, in the fork of said creek and Salt river, crossing the creek to include a pond," how to be surveyed. 1000 acres to join it on the N. and E. and run N. and E. for quantity--Same principle, vol. 2, Walker v. Montgomery, p. 255--Clinkingbeard v. Kenny, 517. A location on a pre-emption warrant made at a time when the right of pre-emption had lapsed, is not entitled to the dignity of a pre-emption under subsequent laws for extending the time for locating pre-emption warrants. Entry of 400 acres "on Brashears' creek, to begin one mile from the mouth, and run up on both sides thereof, three times as long as wide"--the distance to be taken on a direct line--Vide rules 7 and 8, vol. 2, 649, vol. 1, 632. Salt river and Brashears' creek were agreed by the parties to have been notorious by those names, at and before the date of these entries, and to have continued so ever since. A pond of the extent of about 50 by 100 poles is delineated on the surveyor's report, and from its situation may be included in the survey of the settlement by running it across the creek. But there being no other evidence of the pond than the surveyor's report, it is contended that it is not sufficient to establish the present existence of the pond; or if it be, that an inference cannot be thence deduced that the pond existed at the dates of the entries. The surveyor's report has uniformly been treated as evidence of the existence, at the date of the report, of such objects as the surveyor is authorized to delineate; and that it is treated so correctly, has been expressly decided in more than one instance. Whether, from the present existence of an object, it is admissible to infer that it existed at any former period, depends upon the nature of the object. If the object be an artificial or transient one, which can be made to appear and disappear at pleasure, such an inference cannot follow: but if it be a natural object, permanent and immutable in its nature, the conclusion is inevitable. A pond, however, it is urged, although a natural object, is not permanent or unchangeable in its nature: for many ponds have appeared in the country since its first settlement, in places where none existed formerly. This is no doubt true with respect to ponds of a small size; but it is believed rarely, if ever, to have happened that a pond of the magnitude of the one in question in this case made its appearance where there was none at the first settlement of the country. The inference is, therefore highly probable, that it had an existence at the dates of the entries. *2 The objects called for being established, there is no difficulty with respect to the manner in which the surveys should be made. The line forming the northern boundary of the settlement should barely include the pond, and be run at right angles to a course from the point of confluence of Salt river and Brashears' creek through the pond and bisecting it; the eastern and western boundaries should be formed by lines at right angles to the northern boundary, each being equidistant from the pond: the latter when it strikes the creek to run with it to its mouth, and the former to be extended across the creek to Salt river. The pre-emption should adjoin the settlement, when thus surveyed, on the north and east; its lines to be equidistant from the north and east lines of the settlement. For all the land included in the settlement and pre-emption respectively, when thus surveyed, and which is included in the surveys respectively as made, the appellee should be decreed to make a conveyance of his elder legal title, unless he can protect himself by an elder and better entry than those under which the appellants claim. This leads to an investigation of the entry under which the appellee derives his title. It is an entry of 400 acres, upon a treasury warrant, made the 19th of May, 1780, and calls to lie on Brashears' creek, to begin one mile from the mouth thereof, to run up the same on both sides thereof three times as long as wide for quantity." A rectangular survey would not include the curves of the creek, therefore a departure from the general rule is directed. The survey directed by the Court of Appeals varying from that directed below, but yet embracing all the land given by the decree below, the decree affirmed-- Acc. ??M Cracken v. Steele, vol. 1, 50. With the settlement this entry has no pretensions to compete, but being of an elder date than the entry on the pre-emption warrant, the latter must be postponed to it, unless the right of pre-emption existed at the time when the entry on the pre-emption warrant was made. This does not appear to have been the case. It is true that by acts passed subsequent to the date of the entry in this case, the right of making entries upon pre-emption warrants was prolonged until a much later period; but these acts do not in terms embrace the case of a pre-emption warrant upon which an entry had been made when the right of pre-emption did not exist; and it would be unreasonable and unjust to extend them by construction beyond their literal import, and thereby overreach entries that had been previously made upon treasury warrants. So far, therefore, as the appellee's entry has been surveyed correctly, it must hold against the entry upon the pre-emption warrant. It is made a question whether the survey upon this entry should begin a mile from the mouth of the creek measuring along its meanders or on a straight line? It is settled, that where a distance is given on a road, it ought to be ascertained by the windings of the road; but it has also long since been settled, that where a distance is given on a stream like the present, which presents no impassable obstructions, the distance should be understood to be on a straight line. *3 The point of beginning being thus fixed, it remains to be determined how the lines of the survey shall be run. The ordinary mode of surveying an entry with similar calls, would require the lines to be run at right angles, those extending up the stream to be parallel to the general course thereof so far as it would be included in the survey, and those extending across the stream to be bisected thereby. But in this case, owing to the peculiar and extraordinary bend in the creek, the rectangular figure cannot be preserved, and at the same time comply with the call to run up the creek on both sides; and as this is an express call, it must control the rectangular figure, that being a form given by construction only, where there is no express indication of the intention of the locator to give to the survey a different shape. We are, therefore, of opinion that the survey should be extended from the beginning up the creek with the courses of its meanders, so far as will include the quantity in a survey the length of which shall be three times its width; the side lines to be equally distant from the creek, and the end lines to be at right angles to the general course of the creek so far as the same shall be included in the survey. This mode of surveying, though different from that directed by the Court below, will not give the appellants any other or more land than they will be entitled to under the decree of that Court. The decree must therefore, be affirmed with costs. 
