 Statement of the case. This was an action of ejectment. Young, the lessor of the plaintiff, on the trial in the circuit court, produced in evidence a patent from the Commonwealth to Peter Ringo, and a deed of conveyance for the land in controversy from Peter Ringo to himself, bearing date the 18th of December, 1820, whereby the said Ringo, in consideration of one dollar, conveyed to Young "all his right, title and interest, in and to all his lands in the State of Kentucky, except such parts as he, the said Ringo, hath heretofore conveyed." The defendants, Major and Joseph Ringo, produced in evidence an instrument bearing date the 23d of November, 1819, made between them of the one part, and Peter Ringo of the other part, whereby the latter, after reciting his disqualifications by age and infirmity, from attending to the usual business of his farm, "authorized and empowered the said Major and Joseph Ringo, to lease the same to any person or persons, for a term not exceeding two years, at the best price which can be obtained for the same; and the said Peter Ringo, in consideration of the services which the said Major and Joseph Ringo may render in transacting any business which may be necessary in the premises, doth hereby give, grant and convey, unto the said Major and Joseph Ringo and their heirs, jointly, the whole of the tract or parcel of land on which the said Peter now resides," (being the land in controversy), and the said Major and Joseph, on their part, covenanted, in substance, to take charge of the business, and that they and the survivor of them, and their executors or administrators, would annually account to said Peter, during his life, for all money received for the rent of said farm; and in consideration of said transfer of land, they did "thereby, for themselves and their heirs, forever release and quit claim to any other part of the estate of said Peter Ringo, in case he should die intestate." *2 The deed. This instrument was signed and sealed by the parties respectively, and was acknowledged by them in the clerk's office of the county court of Montgomery, where the land lies, on the day of its date, and duly recorded. To the reading of this instrument in evidence, the lessor of the plaintiff objected; but the court overruled the objection and admitted it as evidence, to which he excepted. The defendants then produced and read in evidence, a lease from themselves to Peter Ringo, of the farm aforesaid, for two years, and proved that Peter Ringo had leased the same for one year, to the tenants in possession, for whom the defendants were admitted to defend. On this evidence, the court, at the instance of the defendants, instructed the jury that the lessor of the plaintiff could not recover in this suit, to which he also excepted; and a verdict and judgment being rendered against him, he has brought the case to this court by writ of error. (1.) The only points which arise in the case are, 1st, as to the propriety of admitting as evidence, the instrument objected to by the lessor of the plaintiff; and 2d, as to the instructions given by the court to the jury. And both these points depend essentially upon the effect of that instrument; for if it operates as a conveyance of the legal title from Peter Ringo to the defendants, it is clear that the law required it to be recorded, and having been recorded on the acknowledgement of the parties thereto, in the proper office, it was, of course, admissible evidence, without farther proof of its execution. (1) A deed of conveyance, acknowledged and recorded according to law, is admissible in evidence, without further proof of its execution. (2.) And upon the same hypothesis, it is equally clear, that the instructions given to the jury were correct; for if the instrument in question operates as a conveyance of the legal title to the defendants, as it is prior in date to the deed under which the lessor of the plaintiff derives title, and as the latter only purports to be a conveyance of such lands as had not been before conveyed by Peter Ringo, the grantor in both instruments, the conclusion is inevitable, that the lessor of the plaintiff can not have the legal title of the land in controversy, and, of course, can not recover. (2) The lessor having read in evidence a deed conveying to him all the lands of the grantor in Kentucky, not before conveyed; a prior conveyance from the same persons of the land in controversy, to the defendant, may be read by him. (3.) That the instrument in question must have the effect of conveying the legal title, can not, we think, admit of a reasonable dobt. It is not, indeed, drawn with technical skill, nor clothed in all the formalities which an artful scrivener would have bestowed upon it; but the intention of the parties to convey the legal title, is obvious, and the words used are apt and sufficient in law for that purpose. The words employed, "give, grant and convey," are as comprehensive as any which could have been employed, and are as efficient in law to transfer the title. *3 (3) The words "give, grant and convey," are as comprehensive as any that can be used to convey the legal title. (4.) The objection, however, to the instrument, is taken not only to the granting words used, but to the consideration expressed. But surely it can not admit of a doubt, that the services to be rendered by the defendants, in the business undertaken by them to be transacted for the grantor, constitute a valuable consideration; and such consideration, though not a money one, is sufficient to support a deed of conveyance, as was decided in the case of Hame v. Warnack, 4 Bibb 234. (4) A covenant to perform personal services for the grantor, is a valuable consideration, and sufficient to support a deed of bargain and sale. The judgment must, therefore, be affirmed with costs. Bibb, for plaintiff; Triplett and Crittenden, for defendants. 
