 The appellants, who were defendants in the circuit court, holding under distinct legal titles several parcels of land, the appellees filed their bill claiming a superior equity to the land devised to them as the heirs of Robert, Terrel, in virtue of an entry made in the name of their ancestor under the laws of Virginia. The circuit court sustained their entry, and decreed to them a part of the land in controversy, and the defendants have appealed to this court. *2 Bill by the heirs of Terrel on their entry against appellants holding under distinct legal titles. Before we examine the validity of the complainants' entry, it is necessary to dispose of several objections taken by the assignment of errors to the proceedings in the cause. The first of these objections is, that the complainants in their bill, have not averred that their survey was made agreeable to their entry. An averment in the bill, after setting out the entry and averring it possesses the qualities required by law, that "the complainant has had the same surveyed and obtained thereon a patent," is to a common intent an averment that the survey was made according to the entry. The complainants in their bill, after setting forth the entry and alleging it possessed the qualities required by law, aver "that they have had the same surveyed and obtained thereon a patent." This averment, though not as full and precise as it might have been is, we think, sufficient. An entry in its literal sense signifies nothing but the description given in the surveyor's book of the land intended to be appropriated; but it is often used to signify the land described. It is in this sense we always use the term when we speak of an entry being surveyed, or of surveying an entry; and when, therefore, we say that an entry has been surveyed, we do not mean that the description given in the survey's book has been surveyed, which would be sheer nonsense; but we mean that the land thereby described has been surveyed; so when the complainants after setting forth their entry and alleging it possessed the requisite qualities of a valid entry, aver "that they have had the same surveyed," they must be understood to mean, not that they have had the description given in the surveyor's entry books surveyed, but that they have had the land thereby described, surveyed; and taken in this sense, the averment must, at least to a common intent, be deemed equivalent to an averment that the survey had been made agreeable to the entry, or in conformity to its calls. This objection, can not, therefore, be sustained. Entry, its signification. A second objection to the proceedings is taken to the insertion of some of the names of the heirs of Terrel in the bill pending the suit, and after one of the defendants had answered. This was done on motion, by leave of the court, proof being made that the names so inserted in the bill had been given to their attorney before the original bill was drawn, and that their names were omitted by mistake. That those whose names were inserted in the bill were necessary parties, and that they had a right to come in and be made complainants can not be doubted, and as they had a right to be made complainants, the particular mode of doing it can not be very material. For if, in any more formal mode of doing it, the defendants in consequence of all the names of the complainants not having been inserted in the original bill, would have had a right to insist upon any matter of defense of which they could not otherwise have availed themselves; so, we apprehend, they would have the same right in the mode that was adopted. The defendants who had not answered, might of course do so, and the defendant who had answered might have accomplished the same thing by an amended answer. To undo that, therefore, which had been done, for the mere purpose of having it done in some other mode, would be vain and useless. *3 The name of one of the heirs complainants which had been omitted on filing the bill may be inserted with the others by leave of the court. Defendants in such case who had answered may afterwards amend. A third objection to the proceedings, and the only other one we shall notice, is that the heirs of Robert Jones ought to have been, but were not made defendants. Margaret Jones was made a defendant, as the widow of Robert Jones, and she, in her answer, alleges that she has but a life estate in the land, and insists that the heirs ought to be made defendants. The heirs were certainly necessary parties, and ought to have been brought before the court. They were interested, not only because the widow, in case of eviction, might recover other lands for her dower, but because the decree against her would change the possession, and convert it from a friendly to a hostile one, and besides, as they had the fee in them, the controversy with respect to the title could not be finally settled unless they were parties. The circuit court ought therefore, to have dismissed the bill as to Margaret Jones, without prejudice unless the complainants, in a reasonable time fixed by the court, would have had the heirs brought before the court. In a bill on an entry for a release of the legal title to land possessed by the widow holding a life estate and in which the heirs of her husband have the reversion the heirs must be made defendants. But as the other defendants claim under different titles, they can not be affected by the disposition of the suit, as to her; and it is therefore, necessary, as it relates to them, to investigate the merits of the complainants' entry, and the mode of surveying it. Where defendants hold under distinct claims suit may be dismissed as to some, for want of parties and tried on the merits as to the others. It depends upon a chain of entries, the first of which is for five hundred acres of land in the name of Wallace Estill, and calls to lie "on an east branch of Muddy Creek, about two miles west of the Mulberry Lick, running up and down the branch for quantity." This entry was established by the decision of this court in the case of  Clay v. Harris, 4 Bibb, 153; and the evidence in this case in support of the identity and notoriety of the objects called for by the entry, is at least as strong as in that, and is, in our opinion, amply sufficient to warrant the same decision sustaining the entry. William Estill's entry of 500 acres held sufficient. The entry which forms the next link in the chain, is for five hundred acres in the name of James Estill and calls to adjoin the preceding "below, and run down the branch for quantity;" and the entry which is next in the chain, is for four hundred and fifty acres, in the name of John Terrel, and calls to adjoin the preceding, "below and run down the branch for quantity." It is upon this last entry, in the name of John Terrel, that the entry under which the complainants derive their title immediately depends; the calls of which are-- *4 James Estill's entry of 500 acres. John Terrell's entry of 450 acres. "Lying on Muddy Creek, adjoining John Terrel above." All the preceding entries, it will be remarked, call to lie on the same branch of Muddy Creek, and to lie below each other successively. Complainant's entry. The exact mode in which they ought to be surveyed need not be determined, for let them be surveyed in any manner they may, in as nearly square figures as practicable, they will occupy almost the whole of the branch on which they call to lie, and of course the lower line of John Terrel's entry will approximate within a very short distance of Muddy Creek; and as the general course of Muddy Creek, and that of the branch on which those entries call to lie for some distance above their junction, are nearly at right angles to each other it is plain that John Terrel's entry would have two upper sides; one in relation to the branch on which it calls to lie, and the other in relation to Muddy creek. Had the entries of the complainants, therefore, no other call than that of ""adjoining John Terrel above," it would be wholly uncertain and could not be sustained; but the call for "lying on Muddy Creek," indicates clearly the intention of the locator to adjoin John Terrel's upper side in relation to Muddy Creek, and thus removes all ambiguity which would otherwise have attended the entry. The complainants' entry should, therefore, be surveyed on the western side of John Terrel, which would be adjoining his upper side in relation to Muddy creek, and as John Terrell's entry, when properly surveyed, would lie wholly on the southern side of Muddy creek, the complainants' entry ought to be surveyed on the same side, barely including the creek, the line on the creek, when reduced to a straight one, and that from the creek and binding on the western side of John Terrel's entry being extended the same distance, and such a length as will include the quantity of acres called for, when thus surveyed, it will include not a foot of the land decreed by the circuit court to the complainants; but it will include some of the land in controversy, and which is included in the original survey as made, and for so much they will be entitled to a decree against such of the defendants as have the legal title. An entry to lie on a creek above a prior entry fixed on a branch running into it at right angles and binding on the creek, shall shall include the creek but lie on the same side with the other entry and extend out on its upper line as to the creek, and up the creek, equal distances, on direct lines for quantity. The decree must be reversed with costs, and the cause be remanded to the circuit court for further proceedings, to be had in conformity to this opinion. Turner for appellants; Caperton for defendants. 
