 THIS was an action of trespass vi et armis, for wounding and killing the plaintiff's mare. Plea not guilty, and judgment for the defendants. In the progress of the trial two bills of exception were taken by the plaintiff. The first to the opinion of the Court in permitting the defendants to prove that it was the custom of the neighborhood to set dogs on horses which broke into fences or inclosures; the second to the instruction of the Court to the jury, that the proof which is spread at large upon the record did not support the declaration. The errors assigned, question the correctness of the opinion and instruction of the Court as mentioned in these bills of exception. The evidence of the neighborhood custom was clearly improper and inadmissible, not only because it was impertinent to the issue, but because whether the act was lawful or otherwise, did not depend upon the custom of the neighborhood, but upon the general laws of the land. The law furnishes the rule by which the propriety of every action is to be tested, and it will allow no other to be resorted to. The instruction given by the Court to the jury is also improper, and not warranted by the proof exhibited in the bill of exceptions. The evidence is perfectly satisfactory, that the defendants had dogged the plaintiff's mare in the pasture of one of the defendants not inclosed with a lawful fence, and that the mare was so wounded as to render her useless; but whether the wound was produced by a fall or stroke, or whether she received it during the chase or afterward, or while within or after she was driven from the pasture, are questions which are left in doubt. Chasing the mare with dogs in the defendant's pasture not inclosed with a lawful fence, was as unlawful as if it had been done in the open commons. Indeed if there are degrees of unlawfulness, it was more so; because in the latter case they would have been subject to damages only equal to the injury done, but in the former they are liable by the act of assembly concerning trespasses, to double damages. The act being unlawful and the injury accompanied with force, the action of trespass vi et armis, is the appropriate remedy. Whether the injury the plaintiff received was the consequence of this unlawful act of the defendants, was a question of fact for the jury to determine, and upon which the Court had no right to instruct them. *2 The instruction of the Court therefore, whether intended to apply to the fitness of the remedy when compared with the case made out by proof, or to the weight of the proof, is equally improper. Judgment reversed. 
