 This is an appeal taken by the defendants from a judgment rendered for the plaintiff in an action of ejectment. Several exceptions were taken by the defendants in the progress of the trial in the court below; but they present points of no difficulty. A landlord may maintain an ejectment against his tenant, who holds over after the expiration of the lease, without showing any other title than his lease. 1st. The lessor of the plaintiff, it appears, proved that he had leased the land in controversy to the defendants, and that the term for which it had been leased, had expired before suit brought; and the court instructed the jury, that a landlord might maintain an action of ejectment against his tenant, who held over after the expiration of his lease, without showing any other title than his lease. Of the correctness of this instruction, there can be no doubt. The law is settled in England, and has been frequently recognized in this country, that in such an action, the landlord can not be called upon to give any evidence of his title, anterior to the lease; for having admitted the title of the landlord by taking the lease, the tenant is thereby estopped from controverting it. *2 Persons entering on land under a claim, not having title, are tenants at will or at sufferance, and may be turned out of possession by virtue of a writ of possession, whether they entered on the lands before or after the commencement of the suit. 2d. It appeared that the lessor of the plaintiff had issued a writ of habere facias possessionem upon a decree obtained by him for the land in controversy, against Elliot's heirs, and that the sheriff was about to turn out the defendants, who held the possession under Elliot's claim, without having any legal title, when they took the lease from the lessor of the plaintiff; and the court instructed the jury, that if the defendants entered under Elliot's claim, not having title, they were tenants at will, or at sufferance, and might be turned out of possession by the sheriff, by virtue of the writ, whether they entered on the lands before or after the commencement of the suit; but that if the lease had been obtained by the lessor of the plaintiff through fraud, it was void. To this instruction we can see no solid objection. Certainly, if the defendants entered under Elliot's claim, without title, they could be no more than tenants at the will of those having the legal title; and in that character, whether they entered before or after the bringing of the suit, the decree was equally obligatory upon them, and, of course, they might be lawfully evicted, by virtue of the habere facias possessionem which issued upon the decree. And of the latter part of the instruction, if either party had a right to complain, it was the lessor of the plaintiff; for there was no evidence of fraud on his part, unless it were fraud for him to insist upon his right to the possession in virtue of the decree and writ of habere facias possessionem, and this surely can not be seriously contended to amount to fraud. If a lease is obtained by fraud, it is void. Judgment for a defendant in a writ of forcible entry, etc., is no bar to the plaintiff's proceeding by ejectment, to recover possession of the same land. The right to land consists of the possession, right of possession and right of property. The issue in forcible entry, etc., is the right to the mere naked possession; in ejectment, it is the ??ight of entry. 3d. The only other point which we deem material to be noticed, is the rejection by the court of two records of judgments for the defendants, in proceedings had by the lessor of the plaintiff against them, for a forcible entry and detainer of the land in dispute. In the rejection of these as evidence, we perceive no error. It is very true, that a verdict and judgment in one action, is evidence in another action between the same parties, and in which the same point is in issue; but here, the same point is not in issue that was in issue in the action for the forcible entry and detainer. The right to lands is of various degrees, consisting of the possession, the right of possession and the right of property; and the actions for the recovery of lands are, in like manner, of higher and lower grades; some involving only the naked possession, some the right of possession, and others again involving the right of property; and it is an established principle, that a verdict and judgment in an action of a lower grade, is no bar to one of a higher. Now it is plain, that in a proceeding for a forcible entry and detainer, under our act of assembly, it is the mere naked possession in fact which is put in issue, and, of course, the judgment in such case, can be no evidence in an action of ejectment, in which the right of entry is the point in issue. *3 A verdict and judgment in an action of a lower grade is no bar to proceeding in one of a higher. Judgment affirmed with costs. 
