 *1 FISHBACK having obtained a judgment at law for part of the price of a tract of land he had sold to Williams, the latter, to stay proceedings upon the judgment, filed his bill in chancery, alleging among other grounds for relief, that Fishback was unable to convey, he not having obtained a title from those of whom he had purchased. The bill prayed that the judgment might be enjoined until the cause could be heard in equity, and an injunction was accordingly granted. If the vendor is unable to convey, it is unconscientious in him to enforce the payment of the purchase money until he is able to convey, and such an inability is good ground for the vendee to apply to chancery to enjoin the vendor from enforcing payment. If an injunction is granted for that cause until the party shall convey, he being unable at the filing of the bill to convey, and afterward procures the title, the injunction should be dissolved without damages, and the vendor ought to pay the costs at law. NOTE. -- Each party was decreed to pay his own costs in chancery by the Court below. On the hearing of the cause the Court below decided the injunction perpetual as to the costs of the suit at law, and enjoined the residue of the judgment until Fishback should perfect his title and should produce in Court regularly executed conveyances to him from those through whom he derived his title in part. Each party was directed to pay his own costs of the suit in chancery. At a subsequent term, to which the cause had been continued, Fishback produced in Court, in pursuance of the interlocutory decree, a conveyance to himself, regularly executed and acknowledged; and the Court finally decreed that he should proceed to have the benefit of his judgment at law, except the costs. To reverse that decree Fishback prosecutes this writ of error. The principal point relied on is, that the Court below erred in not decreeing to Fishback ten per cent. upon the amount of his judgment at law. That Fishback was unable to make a title to Williams, when the bill was filed, and continued to be so until the interlocutory decree was pronounced, is a fact incontestibly established. It is true that by the terms of the agreement with Williams he was not bound to convey until the purchase money was paid. If, therefore, he had been possessed of the title, his withholding a conveyance would have been no excuse for the suspension of the payment by Williams. But without having the title, or being able to perform the agreement on his part, he could have no right in equity and good conscience to insist upon the performance on the part of Williams. His inability to convey was therefore a sufficient ground for the interposition of a Court of Equity to prevent him from enforcing the payment of the purchase money until his inability was removed. When that was done, had the injunction been granted without limitation or restriction, it would have been dissolved as a matter of course; and in that case the law giving ten per cent. damages upon the dissolution of an injunction, would, according to its letter, though perhaps not according to its spirit, have applied. But in this case the injunction was temporary. It was at first granted only until the suit was heard, and was then continued by the order of the Court until the cause for which it was at first properly granted should be removed. When that cause was removed, the injunction by its own limitation expired, and cannot with propriety be said to have been dissolved. *2 The case, therefore, does not come within either the letter or spirit of the law giving ten per cent. damages upon the dissolution of an injunction; and the Court below consequently acted correctly in not decreeing damages. Another point relied on is, that the costs of the suit at law were erroneously enjoined. But as these costs were incurred by a proceeding to enforce the payment of the purchase money, when in good conscience Fishback had no right to insist upon the payment, as he was at that time unable to perform the agreement on his part, it would seem that a Court of Equity ought to grant relief against them.--Decree affirmed. 
