 *2 Statement of the case. This was an action of detinue for sundry slaves. The cause was tried upon the general issue, with leave to give special matter in evidence. On the trial, it appeared that in the year 1777, Isaac Hickman died possessed, amongst other estate, of a slave, the mother of those in controversy in this suit, having previously made a nuncupative will, which was, after his death, reduced to writing, and proved and admitted to record in the county court of Frederick county, Virginia, where he had lived. By his will he declared "that should he die, he would have his estate disposed of in the following manner: That if his wife should be with child, and that a son, he gave him all his land and one negro boy near his own age, one horse, saddle and bridle, and four head of sheep, to be paid to him at the age of nineteen years; but should it be a daughter, then the land to be divided between such child and his daughter Elizabeth, as likewise the rest of his estate. And if his wife should not be with child, or the child not live, and his daughter should die before the age of sixteen, or the day of marriage, then his wife to have all his estate as long as she lives; after her death, it is to be equally divided between her brothers and sisters; but in case his daughter, Elizabeth, should come to age or marry, then his wife to have half his personal estate. He further devised that his wife should have fifty pounds currency, more than her part, to finish the building on the land, and that a negro boy, Daniel, should be sold to pay the above sum," &c. The will. It was agreed by the parties, that at the death of the testator, his wife was encient of a male child, who was afterwards born, and bore the name of William Hickman, and lived to the age of _____, and before his death had married and had two children by his wife, who, and her children, are now living and residing in this state; and it was proved by the plaintiffs, that the plaintiff, Mrs. Chinn, was Elizabeth, the daughter of the testator mentioned in his will; that on the _____ day of _______, she intermarried with a certain Jeremiah Rush, in the state of Virginia, who with her, afterwards moved to this state, where he died before the institution of this suit; and that pending the suit, she intermarried with her present husband, Chinn. The plaintiffs also proved that the wife of the testator, after his death, intermarried with Peter Rust, and had died in Virginia some years before the institution of this suit; and that the slaves in controversy were the descendants of a negro woman, the property of the testator, at the time of his death, and which had been retained by the widow of the testator, as a part of her portion under the will; and that the slaves in controversy were in the possession of the defendant at the institution of the suit, and claimed by her in virtue of a gift from Peter Rust, who had married the widow of the testator. Some other matters were given in evidence; but as they do not appear to be material to the points of law arising in the case, they need not be stated. *3 A verdict was rendered for the plaintiffs, by the consent of the parties, subject to the opinion of the court, as to the interest which the plaintiff, Elizabeth took under the will of her father, and whether, if the negroes, or any of them in controversy, passed to her by the will or by descent, the children and heirs of William Hickman, the posthumous son of the testator, ought to have joined in the suit, and if they ought to have joined, whether that matter ought to have been pleaded in abatement; and it was agreed that judgment should be rendered agreeable to the opinion of the court, subject to exceptions. The circuit court being of opinion that the widow of the testator took only a life estate in the personal estate devised to her by the will, and that the remainder of that devised to her, was not disposed of by the will, and descended in equal proportions to the plaintiff, Elizabeth, and William Hickman, the posthumous son, on the death of the widow, decided that his children and heirs ought to have joined in the suit, and that this matter could be taken advantage of on the trial, without being pleaded in abatement, and directed a judgment to be entered as in case of a nonsuit. A judgment was accordingly so entered, and the plaintiffs have appealed to this court. Opinion of the circuit court. (1.) With respect to the interest of the plaintiff, Mrs. Chinn, in the slaves in controversy, whatever it may be, it evidently must be derived from the will of the testator, and can not have been cast upon her by descent; for the posthumous son was, as the law at the death of the testator stood in Virginia, the only heir of his real estate, and slaves were then, and had long been, and continued to be until the separation of this state from Virginia, real estate, and were made to descend by law upon the heir, as lands descended. (1) Slaves in Virginia in the year 1777, were real estate, and descended to the eldest son. (2.) The colonial legislature had, indeed, passed an act in 1848, declaring slaves personal estate; but that act never received the royal assent, which was necessary to give it legal efficacy, and, of course, it never became the law of the land. It is, therefore, perfectly clear, that Mrs. Chinn can have no interest in the slaves in controversy, by descent from the testator. (2) The act of the colonial legislature, of 1748, making slaves personal estate, never had force, because it never received the royal assent. (3.) But what interest she has derived from the will, is a point of more difficulty. In the event, which actually happened, of the birth of a posthumous son, the devise to him is sufficiently certain; but of the residue of the estate, the will has made no express disposition; for all the other devisees expressly, made in the will, are predicated upon the happening of other events. An estate, however, may pass by will, without being expressly devised. It is sufficient for that purpose, if there be a necessary implication, that the estate should pass, and we think, taking the whole will together, it is necessarily and unavoidably implied, that the testator intended the residue of his estate, after the devise to his son, should be divided between his wife and his daughter, Elizabeth, now Mrs. Chinn. *4 (3) An estate may pass without express devise; it is sufficient if there be a necessary implication. (4.) It is plain, that the testator meant to dispose of his whole estate by his will, and from the specific devise to the son, the inference is inevitable, that the testator did not intend that his son should have any part of the residue of his estate, and as he afterwards directs his wife to have one-half of his personal estate, in case his daughter, Elizabeth, should attain the age of sixteen, or marry, it is necessarily implied, that the personal estate was, on the happening of either of those events, both of which, in fact, took place, to go to his wife and daughter. It is true, that these events were, according to the grammatical construction of the will predicated upon the condition that his wife should not be with child, or the child should not live, events which did not happen, instead of being predicated upon the birth of a posthumous son, the event which actually did happen; but as the whole estate was intended to be disposed of by the testator, and the son could not take under the will, the residue of the estate, not devised to him, and as the testator's daughter, Elizabeth, lived beyond the age of sixteen and married, on either of which events, his wife was to have one-half of his personal estate, the implication necessarily arises, that the personal estate not devised to the son, should be equally divided between his wife and daughter. (4) The father devises, that if there be a posthumous son, he shall have a certain property; if a daughter, that and the residue of his estate, be equally divided between her and his daughter, E.; if there be no posthumous child and E. die, the wife to have the whole estate for life, remainder over to others; and if E. live, the wife to have half his personal estate; a posthumous son is born and E. lives: Held, that she and the wife each take a moiety of the residue of the personal estate in fee. (5.) Slaves were, indeed, as we have already observed, declared by law to be real estate, and directed to descend as lands descended, to the heir at law. But it does not follow that the testator, by the devise of his personal estate, did not intend that his slaves should pass; for although slaves were by law made real estate, for the purposes of descent and dower, and perhaps some others, yet they had in law many of the attributes of personal estate. They would pass by a nuncupative will, and lands would not; they were liable to be sold for the payment of debts, and bonds were not; they could be limited, in a grant or devise, no otherwise than personal chattels, and personal actions might be brought to recover the possession of them. Besides, they were in their nature personal estate, being moveable property, and such as might attend the person of the proprietor wherever he went, and in practice they were so considered and treated by the people in general. When, therefore, a man devised his personal estate, he must be understood to intend, that his slaves should pass thereby, unless he used some expressions indicating a different intention, and in this case, the testator has used no such expression. *5 (5)) Slaves will pass by devise, under the general appellation of personal estate, unless a different intention be indicated. The circuit court seems to have thought that the slaves passed to the wife, by the devise to her of one-half of the personal estate; but that court was of opinion, that she only took an estate for life in them. In this opinion we can not accord. The devise to the wife is without any limitation; and a devise of personal estate, without limitation, always carries with it a fee simple estate in the thing devised. (6.) It is true, that on the events happening, which would, under the will, have given her a right to the whole real and personal estate, the testator limited it to her for life, and after her death devised it over to his brother and sisters; but surely it does not follow as a consequence, that on the happening of the events which entitled her, under the will, to only one-half of the personal estate, it was the intention of the testator that she should have but a life estate in it. On the contrary, as in the former case, there was an express limtation to her for life, and a devise over to others, and in the latter case there was no such limitation or devise over, the inference is inevitable, that it was the intention of the testator that she should, in the latter case, taken an absolute and unlimited estate. (6) A devise of the whole of certain property for life on one contingency, and in another event half the property, without more saying; in the latter case the fee passes. Though in this respect we differ from the circuit court, it does not result that the judgment rendered by that court is erroneous. On the contrary, we apprehend, though the judgment may be correct on the supposition that the principles assumed by the circuit court were sound; yet it is more clearly so, upon the grounds we have placed the right of the parties. (7.) For if the widow of the testator be, as we have supposed, entitled under the will to a moiety of the slaves, the plaintiff can only be a joint tenant or tenant in common with the defendant, who holds under the right of the widow; and it is indisputably settled, that one joint tenant or tenant in common, can not maintain an action against the co-tenant, to recover the possession. (7) One co-tenant can not maintain an action against another, for the recovery of the possession of a slave. The judgment must be affirmed with costs. Talbot and Crittenden, for appellants; Haggin and Huston, for appellee. 
