 Statement of facts. Todd and Shreve entered into a contract for the exchange of their lands, and executed mutual deeds of conveyance therefor, each covenanting, among other things, that he was seized of the land conveyed by him, that he had good right to sell, and that it was free from incumbrance, &c. Shortly afterwards, Todd discovered that, previous to the exchange, Shreve had executed to Overstreet a mortgage upon the land conveyed by Shreve to Todd, to secure $8,000, and, in consequence thereof, he obtained from Shreve a mortgage upon the land he had conveyed to Shreve to indemnify him against the previous mortgage to Overstreet. The mortgage from Shreve to Todd bears date the first of June, 1819, was acknowledged by Shreve on the first of September following, and on the 2nd of that month by his wife, who relinquished her dower, and it was thereupon admitted to record in the proper office. On the 10th of June, 1819, Shreve executed a deed of trust upon the same, to secure Robert Breckinridge for certain responsibilities he had incurred for him; and on the 27th of July, 1819, Shreve executed a deed of trust upon the same land, to secure James Breckinridge against responsibilities he had incurred for Shreve. Both these deeds were acknowledged by Shreve, on the 19th of August, 1819, in the proper office, and were acknowledged by the trustees on the 18th of March, 1820, and admitted to record. On a bill afterwards filed by the Breckinridges, and without making Todd a party, the land was decreed to be sold under their deeds of trust, and on the sale they became the purchasers. Breckenridge's bill, decree and purchase. Overstreet also filed his bill to subject the land conveyed by Shreve to Todd to be sold in satisfaction of the money for which it had been mortgaged to him. Overstreet's bill. In this situation of things, Todd exhibited his bill, in which, after setting forth the foregoing state of facts, he alleges that Overstreet, from whom Shreve derives his right to the land he had conveyed to him, had no title, and that Shreve was insolvent. He makes Shreve, the Breckinridges, &c., defendants, prays for a rescission of the contract between him and Shreve, and for general relief. *2 Todd's bill. The Breckinridges answered, and alleged that the mortgage from Shreve to Todd was antedated, and insists upon their right to be preferred to him. Breckenridge's answer. The bill was taken for confessed against the other defendants. In the progress of the cause, Todd had leave to take the deposition of Shreve, and the deposition was afterwards taken and read upon the hearing of the cause without objection. Shreve's deposition taken and read without objection. The circuit court decreed a rescission of the contract, and the Breckinridges have brought the case to this court by writ of error. By their assignment of errors, they allege the decree is erroneous. Assignment of error. "1st. Because the deed of trust to the Breckenridges, although subsequent in date to Todd's mortgage, having been first recorded, were entitled to a preference over the mortgage. 2nd. There is no evidence in the record which shews Todd was entitled under his mortgage--and 3d. The deposition of Shreve was improperly admitted into the record." The position asserted in the first error assigned is one so obviously untenable, that we should have hardly thought it necessary to be noticed, had it not been insisted on with apparent earnestness by respectable counsel. The deeds of trust from Shreve to the Breckenridges were not in fact recorded prior to the mortgage to Todd, but they were acknowledged by Shreve, and being lodged in the office to be recorded before the mortgage to Todd, must, according to the case of the Bank of Kentucky v. Haggin, 1 Marshall, 306, have the same effect as if they had in fact been at that time recorded. Deeds of conveyance acknowledged and lodged to be recorded, though not then copied on the record book, have the effect of enrolled deeds from the date of their acknowledgment. But the mortgage to Todd bears date prior to either of the deeds of trust to the Breckenridges, and was acknowledged by Shreve, and recorded in the proper office, in less than eight months from its date, the period within which the law then required it to be recorded, to be valid against purchasers and creditors. The mortgage, without being recorded, would have been valid against Shreve, the grantor, and as the law only required it to be recorded within eight months from its sealing and delivery, to be valid against purchasers and creditors, it evidently must be good against the Breckenridges, unless, as they allege in their answer, it was antedated. But of this allegation there is not the slightest proof in the cause, and in the absence of all proof to the contrary, a deed, though it takes effect, not from its date but from its delivery, is always presumed to have been delivered on the day it bears date. Thus in Shep. Touchstone, 72, it is said, "all deeds to take effect from, and therefore have relation to, the time, not of their date, but of their delivery, and this is always presumed to be the time of their date unless the contrary do appear." And the same doctrine is recognized by this court in the case of McConnell v. Brown &c. Littell's select cases, 459, and is sanctioned by the English decisions under their statute of enrollments. *3 Deed recorded on the acknowledgment of grantor, is presumed to have been delivered on the day it bears date; an allegation that it was antedated, must be proved. The statute of enrollments in England required a deed of bargain and sale to be enrolled within six months, and if it were not enrolled in that time, it became void; but where it was enrolled within the six months it had relation to the time of its date, and passed the land ab initio, and therefore it was decided under that statute, that if the bargainer, after having sold to one, bargain and sell the land to another, and the second deed is first enrolled, and then the first deed is enrolled within six months, the second shall be void. Com. Dig. Tit. Bargain and Sale, (B 9.) It is plain, therefore, that although the deeds of trust to the Breckinridges were recorded before the mortgage to Todd, yet as the latter was first executed, and was recorded in the time then prescribed by law, it must be preferred; and of course the position asserted in the first error assigned, is wholly untenable. A prior deed, subsequently, but in time enrolled, is superior to the younger deed first enrolled, under both our and the British statute. The second error assigned, advances a position no less untenable. The mortgage is of itself sufficient evidence of Todd's right under it. It conveys the legal title to him from Shreve, and as it is undoubtedly evidence against Shreve of Todd's right under it, it must be equally so, and to the same extent, evidence of his right against the Breckinridges, who derived their claim by conveyances from Shreve subsequent to the mortgage. Deed of mortgage is itself evidence of the consideration expressed in it against the mortgagor, and all claiming under him by subsequent conveyance. The mortgage would not indeed give a right to Todd to have a rescission of the contract of exchange between him and Shreve. The proper decree to enforce the mortgage would have been a foreclosure of the right of redemption, and a sale of the premises mortgaged. But in this respect the propriety of the decree is not questioned by the assignment of error, and if it had been we should have thought the decree of rescission might be sustained not alone upon the ground of Todd's right derived under the mortgage, but upon that coupled with the fact that Shreve has shown no title to the land conveyed in exchange by him to Todd. That Overstreet, from whom Shreve purchased, has no title is alleged in the bill, and as no title is shown, the allegation must be taken to be true; for it is a negative, and from the rules of evidence, the onus probandi must necessarily devolve upon those whose interest it was to maintain the affirmative. Where one party in an exchange, alleges in his bill for a rescission that the other had no title, the proof of title is on defendant, and he must shew his papers, and unless the title appears the rescission will be decreed. Assuming the fact to be that Shreve had no title to the land conveyed by him in exchange to Todd, it would have been, from the nature of the contract, a sufficient ground for a rescission of the contract as against Shreve; as against the Breckinridges it might not be so without the aid of the mortgage, for without the mortgage, the Breckinridges would by their deeds of trust have acquired the legal title to the land which Todd had conveyed to Shreve, and as Todd would only have had in that case an equity, which, though coeval with the contract of exchange, and therefore prior to the equity of the Breckinridges derived under their deeds of trust, could not have prevailed against their equity combined with their legal title. But the mortgage from Shreve to Todd, vested in him the legal title, and his equity being prior to that of the Breckinridges, he had a right as against them, to the relief decreed by the circuit court. *4 In such case, a third person holding a mortgage on the estate conveyed by complainant, could resist the rescission if his mortgage were older than complainant's___ otherwise not. Here an assignment of error questioning the decision as to the priority of the mortgages, and their consideration does not reach a decree rescinding the contract. These observations, however, as to the mode of relief granted by that court, are superfluous, for we do not understand the assignment of error to question the mode of relief, but only the right of Todd under the mortgage, and of that there can be no doubt. The third error assigned is at least as untenable as either of the former. In the first place it is apparent from what we have already said, that the deposition of Shreve is not material to the right of Todd, the decree being sustainable upon grounds not depending upon his testimony. In the next place, it is well settled, that as no objection was made in reading this deposition in the court below, the propriety of reading it cannot be questioned in this court. When a deposition is unimportant, or was read below without objection, its having been read is not error. The decree must be affirmed with costs. Barry and Littell, for plaintiffs in error; Denny, for defendants. 
