 THIS is a writ of error to a judgment in an action upon a promise of marriage. The first question which the record presents respects the sufficiency of the first three counts of the declaration, and grows out of a bill of exception taken by the defendant to the refusal of the Circuit Court to instruct the jury to disregard those counts as being faulty and defective. Each of the counts in question lays the promise in the usual manner, to be made in consideration of a promise on the part of the plaintiff to marry the defendant. The first and third state no time when the promise was to be performed; the second states that it was to be performed within a period which is left blank, and neither of them alleges any place of performance. In all of them the plaintiff avers her willingness and readiness to perform her promise, but makes no averment that she had offered to do so. The omission to allege a time or place of performance, does not vitiate the counts; for a promise to marry is valid, though no time or place be agreed on. If the time be not fixed by the contract, it is to be performed in a convenient and reasonable time, and if no place be agreed upon, the contract being transitory in its nature may be performed anywhere, according to the maxim debitum et contractus sunt nullius loci. But where the time and place of performance are not fixed by the agreement of the parties, to entitle either to an action for a breach of the contract on the part of the other, an averment of an offer to marry on his or her part is indispensably necessary--See Bac. Abr. 530, title Mar. and divorce, and Cartew, 467, there cited. In such a case an averment of readiness to perform is not equivalent to, nor can it be substituted in the place of an averment of an offer to perform; one party may be ready and willing, but at a remote distance from the other, who may in like manner be ready and willing to perform his part of the engagement, and not being bound to a performance at any particular place, cannot be said to be in default. Contracts of this kind do not differ in principle from other species of contracts, where mutual and concurrent acts are to be performed at the same time. *2 In contracts of this last description, although it be not certain that either is to do the first act, yet it is a well settled rule, that neither party can maintain an action against the other, without showing that he has performed or offered to perform his part of the agreement--1 Tidd's Prac. 382. Where indeed a time and place are appointed for the performance of an agreement, there does not seem the same necessity of an averment of an offer to perform, and perhaps in such case if the plaintiff should allege that he was there at the time specified, willing and ready to perform his part of the engagement, and that the defendant was absent, or if present, refused to do what the agreement required of him, such an allegation might be deemed sufficient. This case, however, is not of that sort, and does not require a decision of that point. We are aware that it is usual (though it not unfre quently happens otherwise) for the performance of the marriage contract to take place at the residence of the female party; and, from the general custom, it ought perhaps to be inferred, where no place is expressed in the agreement, that the performance was intended to be had at her residence. But this is but a matter of evidence, and is only admissible where the allegation in the declaration conforms to it. Beside, it ought not only to be alleged to be a part of the agreement, but the averment in that case of her readiness to perform her engagement (if indeed such averment is to be construed as equivalent to that of an offer of performance) ought to be so certain with respect to time and place as to be traversable by the defendant. This not having been done in the counts in question, they are clearly defective, and the Court below ought to have instructed the jury to disregard them. A second question which presents itself for consideration, respects the competency of a witness, to whose testimony the defendant objected. The witness was the wife of the person by whom the plaintiff had sued as her next friend. Previous to her admission as a witness, the Court had made an order substituting another in his place, as the next friend of the plaintiff. The competency of the witness depends upon the propriety and effect of that order. We know of no law or rule of practice, prohibiting such an order. Cases may occur in which it may be necessary, as where the next friend dies or removes from the Commonwealth, and where there is no objection to the person substituted (and none is alleged in this instance) we see no impropriety in doing it in any case. We apprehend where an order of the kind is made, the person substituted becomes liable for the costs of the suit, as well those which had theretofore, as those which should thereafter accrue. Consequently, the objection to the competency of the witness is entitled to no weight, and was properly overruled by the Court. A third question which seems necessary to be decided, arises upon a bill of exception taken by the defendant to the Court's refusing to instruct the jury to give no damages for the seduction. It was unquestionably a wrong in the defendant to have debauched the plaintiff, but it is a wrong of which she was particeps criminis and had no right to complain in a Court of Justice. Besides, it appears that her father had brought suit for the seduction, and the consequent expense and loss of service. In that suit the tort in seducing the plaintiff, is the ground of the action, and as it was aggravated or otherwise would tend to increase or diminish the damages which the father ought to recover. But the action by the daughter arises solely and exclusively upon the contract to marry, nor is there any allegation, either general or special, under which testimony of the seduction is admissible. We may add to these considerations, that the promise attempted to be proven on the trial, was made at a period subsequent to the seduction, and of which the seduction might have been the cause, but could not have been the consequence. *3 Had it therefore been laid with a per quod, evidence of it could not have been admitted to increase the plaintiff's damages.--Judgment reversed, etc. 
