 This was an action of assumpsit, brought by Winlock and Stockton against Lucy Monroe as devisee, and others as infant heirs and devisee of John Monroe, deceased, for goods sold by the plaintiff to the testator in his lifetime. The infant heirs, by their guardian ad litem, pleaded, "that the assets which came to their hands had been sold by said Lucy, by virtue of the authority vested in her under the will of said John Monroe, deceased, since the bringing of this suit, and that they have no estate by descent." To authorize sustaining an action of assumpsit against heirs or devisees, on a demand against the decedent, without joining the personal representatives, the declaration must allege those facts which, according to the act of 1819, will justify such action. To this plea the plaintiffs replied, traversing its allegations, and issue was thereupon joined to the country. The jury assessed the plaintiff's damages to $108 35 cents, and found that the assets which had come to the infant defendants, had been sold by the defendant Lucy, since the commencement of this suit, and that they have no assets by descent; and judgment was thereupon rendered, that the plaintiff recover nothing of the infant defendants, and that they should recover of the defendant Lucy, the damages assessed by the jury. To that judgment this writ of error is prosecuted by the defendants in the court below. We are clearly of opinion that the declaration is insufficient to entitle the plaintiffs in the court below to maintain their action. Prior to the passage of the act subjecting lands to the payment of debts, no action would lie against the heirs and devisees, upon any simple contract of their ancestor or devisor, nor upon any contract by specialty, unless the heir was expressly bound therein; and upon such contracts the only remedy was by an action against the executor or administrator of the deceased. By that act, an action is given upon such contracts against the heirs and devisees, or either; but it is only a joint action against them and the executor or administrator; and the executor or administrator not being joined, in this action, with the heirs and devisees, it is evident that the action cannot be maintained under that act. By a subsequent act, passed the 9th of February, 1819, a separate action is allowed to be brought against the heirs and devisees, upon any contract on which a joint action may be brought against them and the executor or administrator of the decedent, where a judgment has been obtained thereon in the first instance against the executor or administrator, and it appears by a judgment of record, or by the return of the proper officer, that there is not property in the hands of the executor or administrator, to satisfy the judgment, or where no person administers upon the goods and chattels of the deceased, for the space of one year after his death. But the act expressly provides, that "in such actions the facts authorizing the suit to be brought separately, shall be distinctly averred in the declaration." 1 Dig. L. K. 652. Now, in the declaration in this case, there is no averment, of the facts, upon the existence of which alone a separate action is allowed by this act to be brought against the heirs and devisees, and the declaration must, therefore, be deemed insufficient. *2 The judgment must be reversed with costs, and the cause be remanded to the circuit court, that the verdict may be set aside, and the plaintiffs there have leave to amend their declaration, so as to show themselves entitled to maintain their action in conformity to this opinion, if they should offer to do so; and if not, that the action be dismissed with costs. 
