 This was an action of covenant brought in the name of Basket for the use of Triplett, against Joseph A. Hopkins, Andrew Scott and Nathaniel Scott, upon a bond executed by them to Basket, as sheriff of Nicholas county, with condition as follows: "Whereas a subpoena in chancery issued from the Bath circuit court, directed to the sheriff of Nicholas county in favor of Thomas Triplett, against the above bound Joseph A. Hopkins and others, with an injunction endorsed thereon, requiring the sheriff of Nicholas to hold the said Hopkins to bail, in the sum of seven hundred dollars, which was duly served on the said Hopkins, who offers the above bound Andrew Scott and Nathaniel Scott, as his securities, to be bound with him according to the terms of the endorsement. Now, if the said Joseph A. Hopkins, shall not leave the commonwealth of Kentucky, until the further order of the Bath circuit court, and shall well and truly abide by and perform such decree and order as the said Bath circuit court may hereafter pronounce in said cause, then the said obligation to be void; else to remain in full force." A bond taken by a sheriff, conditioned that a defendant "shall not leave the Commonwealth until the further order of the court, and shall well and truly abide by and perform such decree and order as the court may pronounce," by virtue of an injunction requiring the defendant to be held to bail, is void, being contrary to the act of 1796 prohibiting sheriffs from taking certain bonds by colour of their office. The declaration, after setting forth the bond and condition, alleges for breaches of the condition, that Hopkins had departed from the commonwealth, without the further order of the court, and that he did not abide by and perform the decree of the court, thereafter made, requiring him to pay to Triplett several sums of money, therein stated. The writ abated by the return of the sheriff against Hopkins, and the other defendants failing to appear, judgment by default was entered against them, and a writ of inquiry awarded, whereupon damages were assessed by the jury to $400.41 1/2. The defendants then moved in arrest of judgment, on the ground that the declaration is bad, and furnishes no legal cause of action. This motion was sustained, and judgment given for the defendants, to reverse which, the plaintiff prosecutes this writ of error. *2 The act regulating writs of ne exeat, only requires the sheriff to take of the defendant a bond not to depart from the commonwealth. The sufficiency of the declaration is, in this court, and probably was in the court below, mainly questioned on the ground that the bond declared on is void, and if that point be for the defendant, no other need be noticed. An endorsement on a subpoena in chancery, can not be treated as a writ of ne exeat. By the 10th section of the act concerning sheriffs, 2 Dig. L. K. 1136, it is provided, that "it shall not be lawful for any sheriff or his deputy, to take any obligation of or from any person or persons, in his custody, for or concerning any matter relating to his office, otherwise payable than to himself as sheriff, and dischargeable upon the prisoner's appearance and rendering himself at the day and place required in the writ whereupon he was or shall be taken or arrested, and every obligation taken in any other manner or form, by color of his office, shall be null and void, except in any special case, any other obligation is or shall be, by law, particularly and expressly directed. It is clear, that the obligation in question here, was not taken in conformity to the requisitions of this act; for it is not only not dischargeable upon the appearance of the defendant at the day and place required in the writ, but was conditioned that the defendant should not leave the commonwealth, and should abide by and perform such decree as the circuit court of Bath might thereafter pronounce; and being taken by the plaintiff under color of his office of sheriff, it must, according to the unambiguous import of the act, be null and void, unless there be some other law, particularly and expressly directing such an obligation to be taken. Is there, then, any other law, directing or authorizing the bond in this case to be taken? We know of none such. It is probable that the bond was intended to be taken as in case of a writ of neexeat; but it does not appear that there was any such writ; for the endorsement on the subpoena in chancery, can not, we apprehend, be treated as a writ of neexeat. Supposing, however, such a writ to have been regularly issued, it could only have required the sheriff to take of the defendant in the writ, an obligation not to depart from the commonwealth; and an obligation conditioned furthermore, as the one in question here is, to abide by and perform the decree of the court, would be contrary to the express provisions of the act before recited, and, of course, would be void. The act concerning writs of ne exeat (2 Dig. L. K. 945), instead of authorizing a bond with such a condition, plainly implies that the bond should be taken with the condition only, that the defendant should not depart from the commonwealth. This is more especially implied in the second and third sections of the act, and there is, in no part of the act, any intimation that the bond should contain any other or further condition. *3 Judgment affirmed with costs. 
