(Cite as: 4 Bibb 1,  7 Ky. 1 (Ky.),  1815 WL 626 (Ky.)) C Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Handley v. Moorman. Apr. 4, 1815. *1 Action on a bond for payment of tobacco at a particular place; plea that the place of payment was changed by agreement of the parties, without averring it was in writing, is bad. If the obligor is prevented from performing his covenant by default of the covenantee, he will be excused. A contract to dissolve another must be of as high a nature as the one to be dissolved. West Headnotes Contracts 95 k 239 95 Contracts 95III Modification and Merger 95k239 k. Contracts Under Seal. Most Cited Cases The place of delivery fixed in a covenant for the payment of goods cannot be changed by parol. Evidence 157 k 441(9) 157 Evidence 157XI Parol or Extrinsic Evidence Affecting Writings 157XI(C) Separate or Subsequent Oral Agreement 157k440 Prior and Contemporaneous Collateral Agreements 157k441 In  General 157k441(9) k. Sale or Exchange of Personal Property.  Most Cited Cases An oral agreement to change the place designated in a bond for the delivery of goods was not valid. Opinion of the Court by Chief Justice Boyle. THIS was an action upon a covenant for the payment of a quantity of tobacco by installments, at a particular place in the covenant mentioned. The defendant alleged by his plea that an agreement was made between himself and the plaintiff, prior to the respective installments becoming payable, that he should keep the tobacco at his own house, ready to be delivered to the plaintiff at any time thereafter, when he should be notified by the plaintiff for that purpose; and averred a compliance on his part with the said agreement. Upon a demurrer to this plea, the Court below gave judgment for the defendant, to which the plaintiff prosecutes this writ of error. The plea in this case was no doubt held good by the Court below, upon the ground that the defendant was prevented by the agreement alleged in the plea from performing the covenant declared on, and that it therefore operated as a legal excuse for the non-performance. There can be no question of the correctness of the principle which excuses the obligor for not performing a covenant or condition, where its performance is prevented by the default of the obligee; as where his presence is necessary and he is absent, or where it is incumbent upon him to do the first act, and he fails, or the like. But this principle is not, we conceive, applicable to a case of this kind. To make it apply, would in effect annihilate another principle of law, which requires that a contract to dissolve or defeat another contract, must be of as high a nature as the one to be dissolved or defeated; a principle equally as well established as the former, and not less obligatory upon Courts of Law in the administration of justice--See 2 Saund. 48 (note 1). These principles, though apparently in confliction with each other, may, we apprehend, be well reconciled by confining the former in its operation to those cases where the performance is prevented by the sole act or default of the obligee, and thus leave the latter principle to operate upon cases like the present, where the contract is attempted to be defeated, or its time or place of performance changed by the concurrence or agreement of the obligor and obligee. *2 In this case the agreement alleged in the plea is not averred to be in writing; but if it were, it does not appear to have been made subsequent to the act of assembly giving to written agreements the dignity of sealed instruments. It is therefore inferior in its nature to the covenant declared on, and cannot, according to the correct application of the principles before mentioned, be pleaded in bar of the present action. The Court below, therefore, erred in adjudging the plea good, and overruling the demurrer. Judgment reversed and cause remanded for new proceedings. 
