(Cite as: 1 A.K.Marsh. 22,  8 Ky. 22 (Ky.),  1817 WL 1130 (Ky.)) C Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Daniel Callaghan et al. v. Walter Carr. Oct. 16, 1817. *1 ON A WRIT OF ERROR TO REVERSE A DECREE OF THE BOURBON CIRCUIT COURT. West Headnotes Appeal and Error 30 k 325 30 Appeal and Error 30VI Parties 30k321 Appellants or Plaintiffs in Error 30k325 k. Joinder. Most Cited Cases All parties against whom a joint judgment or decree is rendered must join in a writ of error or appeal. Appeal and Error 30 k 334(5) 30 Appeal and Error 30VI Parties 30k331 Death 30k334 Continuance or Revival of Proceedings 30k334(4) Persons by or Against Whom Revival May  Be Had-Executors and Administrators 30k334(5) k. Heirs and Devisees. Most Cited  Cases If one defendant dies, his heirs must join with the other defendants in prosecuting a writ of error. CHIEF JUSTICE BOYLE DELIVERED THE OPINION OF THE COURT: This is a writ of error to a decree in chancery. The decree was given in favor of the defendant in error, who was complainant in the court below, against the plaintiffs in error, and others, defendants, directing each of them to convey to him by metes and bounds, distinct tracts or parcels of land, held by them respectively in severalty, and not jointly. Whether the decree be considered a joint or a several one it is equally clear that the writ of error is irregularly brought in the names of the plaintiffs in error. If it be assumed to be a joint decree, then it is evident that the writ of error being brought in the names of part only of those against whom it was pronounced, is irregular; for it is a settled rule, that the writ of error must be brought in the names of all those against whom this judgment or decree is given. Nor can it make any difference, that those who are not named in the writ of error in this case, are dead, as is alleged by the plaintiff in error; for if such be the case, the heirs of those who are dead ought to have joined in the writ of error. It is true, according to the principles of the common law, if a joint judgment was obtained against several, and a part of them died, the writ of error, in such case must be brought in the names of the survivors. But this doctrine was founded upon the principle that the charge survived against the surviving defendants, and it was not applied to cases where the charge on the thing for which judgment was given, would not survive, but would descend to the heirs of the deceased defendants. Thus it has been adjudged, that if a judgment be given against two co-partners, and one of them die, the survivor and the heirs of the deceased co-partner shrould join in a writ of error, 9 Vin. Abr. 497, So in this case, as it is obvious that the land decreed to be conveyed by the deceased defendants, descended to their heirs, it follows that they ought to have joined in the writ of error; and this is in strict conformity to the rule often recognized by this court, that those who would be entitled to the thing, if the judgment were reversed, will have a right to maintain a writ of error. *2 To reverse a joint decree or judgment against several, all must join in a writ of error; vide 1 Ld. Ray, m. 71; 2 Ld. Ray, m. 1433; Carch. 7, 8. If any of those charged by the judgment or decree hath died, the heir must join, unless the charge survives defts. If the charge survives against the heirs of the dec. or the subject matter would descend to them, they must join in a writ of error. All who are ??enefitted by a reversal, must join in a writ of error. But assuming the decree to be several in this case, still the writ of error could not be maintained in the name of the plaintiffs in error, for they have not a joint interest in the land they are respectively decreed to convey; and having no joint interest, they can not have a joint right to maintain a writ of error. Upon the whole, therefore, it is clear that all the defendants in the court below, against whom the decree was pronounced, must either have a joint right to maintain one writ of error, or each of them must have a separate right to maintain a several writ of error, and in either point of view the writ of error in this case, has been improvidently brought in the names of the plaintiffs in error. To reverse a several decree against several, there must be several writs of error,--Vide Cro. Car. 300, Hob. 72, Style 174, Carth. 447, Which last cites 1st Salk. 89, 5 Mod., 397, 6th Mod. 304, Comb. 149, 161. The writ of error must therefore be quashed. Hardin, Haggin, Pope and Talbot, for appellants, Bibb, for appellee. NOTE.--This question came on again, fall term, 1818, on a motion to discharge a writ of error, Estill's heirs, & al. v. Clay, and was adjudged accordingly; but being a verbal opinion, is not reported. 
