(Cite as: 2 A.K.Marsh. 546,  9 Ky. 546 (Ky.),  1820 WL 1117 (Ky.)) Court of Appeals of Kentucky. William Hunter v. Lewis Dickerson. Oct. 14, 1820. *1 ON A WRIT OF ERROR TO REVERSE A JUDGMENT OF THE JESSAMINE CIRCUIT COURT. West Headnotes Appeal and Error 30 k 1177(7) 30 Appeal and Error 30XVII Determination and Disposition of Cause 30XVII(D) Reversal 30k1177 Necessity of New Trial 30k1177(7) k. Failure to Introduce Sufficient Evidence  to Authorize Recovery or Establish Defense. Most Cited Cases A new trial should not be granted, on the ground that the verdict is not strictly according to evidence, if the case is frivolous, and the damage that might be recovered small. JUDGE BOYLE DELIVERED THE OPINION OF THE COURT: This writ of error is prosecuted to reverse a judgment recovered by Dickerson in an action brought by him against Hunter, for entering upon his close, and cutting a number of trees. In trespass where no title is in issue and the verdict very small no new trial will be granted though the testimony is not perfectly satisfactory, vide ante Smith, an infant, v. Saber, acc. The assignment of errors presents no other question than that which involves an inquiry into the correctness of the decision of the circuit court, in overruling the motion of Hunter for a new trial. Twelve dollars damages were assessed by the jury, and the motion to set it aside, was made on the ground of its being against law and evidence. On the trial in the circuit court, Hunter introduced no evidence conducing, either to shew a title in himself, or an authority from any other having title to enter upon the land and cut the trees complained of by Dickerson, so that the only inquiry which it became necessary for the jury to make was, as to the alleged cutting of the trees by Hunter, and the possession of Dickerson at the time the injury was committed. Whether, or not, the jury determined correctly in making that inquiry, from the evidence contained in the record, is a matter not perfectly clear; but even were their finding in that respect, against the evidence, we should not feel ourselves authorized to award a new trial. For, having failed to produce any evidence of title, Hunter can not be said to have sustained any injury by the finding of the jury, other than that which results from the damages, and they are certainly too small to warrant the interposition of the court in setting aside the verdict, on the ground of its being against evidence. The judgment must be affirmed with cost. Pope for plaintiff, Anderson for defendant. 
