 On the 6th of October, 1817, Cotton sold to Ward part of a half acre lot in Louisville, known on the plan of the town by No. 120, at the price of $12,000, payable in three instalments of $4,000 each, for which Ward, with Grayson his security, executed three notes, and Cotton at the same time executed to Ward a deed of conveyance for the lot. *2 Cotton's sale to Ward. The deed purports to convey all the lot with its appurtenances "except so much, thereof, as has heretofore been sold and conveyed by James McConnell and wife, to John Gwathmey, to wit, twenty-six feet, on the Northwardly end, extending back from the said cross street, to the Eastwardly line of the said lot," and contains covenants on the part of Cotton, of seizin in fee, good rights to sell, of general warranty, and for further assurance. Deed of conveyance and its covenants. The note which first become due was paid, but the others not being paid when they fell due, suits were brought thereon, and judgments recovered at law by Cotton. Judgments at law on the consideration notes. To enjoin proceedings upon these judgments, Ward on the 20th of November, 1819, filed his bill in chancery, in which after setting forth the preceding transaction, he in substance states as the grounds of his equity, that Cotton was not seized of a sure and indefeasible title, and had not right to sell; and, Ward's bill for injunction and rescission of the contract. To show the defect of title, he alleges that John Reyburn, Sen. was the original purchaser of the lot No. 120, from the trustees, and that by virtue of an order given by Reyburn, upon the trustees, to James McConnell, and by him assigned to James Patten, the lot was conveyed by the trustees to Patten, that on the 26th of April, 1811, Patten conveyed the lot to Cosby and Chambers, upon trust to re-convey the same to him in case an injunction obtained by McConnell, against a judgment recovered by the United States against him, upon a bond in which Patten was his security, should be prosecuted with success, or the debt should be paid by McConnell or Patten, but if they should fail to do so, that Cosby and Chambers, who had become sureties for McConnell in the injunction bond, might sell the lot for their indemnity &c. that said deed though lodged in the office had not been acknowledged by Patten, and was attested by only one witness, and that Patten's wife, then and still living, had not relinquished her right of dower, that Patten afterwards, for the purpose of paying the debt to the United States, or a part of it, with the assent of Cosby and Chambers sold and conveyed to John Gwathmey, by deed of the 4th of December, 1811, that part of the lot which extends from the north end or line thereof, 36 feet South, having a front of 86 fee on Cross street, and extending back 105 feet; that on the 6th of November, 1813, McConnell and wife, and Cosby and Chambers conveyed the lot to Cotton, but that the conveyance was made in violation of the trust, and without the consent of Patten, and that Cotton at the time of the conveyance to him, had full knowledge of the deed to Gwathmey. Alleged defects in Cotton's title. Ward further states that he purchased the lot with a view of making valuable improvement on it, but finding that Gwathmey was entitled to 36, instead of 26 feet of the lot, and that the title was otherwise involved in dispute, he was obliged in prudence to abandon his intention of improving it, and caused an offer to be made to Cotton to rescind the contract, which he refused to accept. He prayed for and obtained an injunction, and asked that the contract might be rescinded or further assurances decreed him, and for general relief. *3 Further allegations and prayer of the bill. Cotton in his answer admits that he derives title under the deed from McConnell, Cosby and Chambers, and insists that this title is good. He states that the lot really belonged to McConnell, and that it was conveyed to Patten in trust, to indemnify him as security of McConnell, for a debt due to the United States which had been paid by McConnell, and though the deed was absolute, that Patten executed a writing expressive of the trust, which writing had been lost, and that he, Cotton, was prosecuting a suit in equity, against the heirs and devisees of Patten, to obtain a release of their title, and thereby remove all doubts as to his right, and he prays that Ward may be compelled to accept of the title, when thus perfected, if even there should appear to have been any previous defect, of which, however, he avers he was totally ignorant at the time he conveyed to Ward, and that he did then, and still does believe his title good. Answer of Cotton, insisting on the sufficiency of the title, and promising that the complainants objection should be removed. He charges, that upon his sale to Ward, he put him in possession of the lot, and that he has ever since remained in quiet enjoyment of it without molestation or disturbance from any one. Defendant relies on complainants undisturbed possession. He states that he sold to Ward, only so much of the lot as had not been previously conveyed to Gwathmey; but that Grayson, the son-in-law of Ward, who, at his request, drew the deed, inserted by mistake, 26 instead of 36 feet, as the quantity previously conveyed to Gwathmey. He alleges that Ward was well apprized of the previous conveyance to Gwathmey and of its extent, and as evidence of the fact, he refers to an answer in chancery of Ward, and to a deed of conveyance from Gwathmey to Bustard, in trust for the benefit of Ward and others, bearing date the 20th of April, 1817, in which deed, among other things the lot No. 120, is conveyed, and described as extending, and having a front of 36 feet. He further alleges, that at the time he sold to Ward, Gwathmey was in the possession of the whole of his part of the lot, and had it completely covered by a brick stable, the wall of which was on the boundary between them, and that Ward was well acquainted with the lot, knew what Gwathmey held, and what he was buying, and that a mistake in the description could not have deceived or misled him. Defendant alleges a mistake in his deed to complainant. He denies that Ward ever proposed to rescind the contract, until after the lot had much declined in value, and states that before any part of the purchase money was paid, he had discovered the mistake, in describing Gwathmey's part of the lot, and offered to rescind the contract, but that Ward declined it. As to the propositions to rescind. At the April term, 1821, Cotton filed an amended answer, which he made a cross bill, stating that the suit alluded to in his former answer against the heirs and devisees of Patten, had been decided in his favor, and the defendant therein, decreed to release their title to him, to all the lot sold by him to Ward, and that the decree had been carried into effect, in proof of which he refers to the proceedings in that suit, and he avers that he had thereupon executed a deed to Ward, bearing date the 7th of April, 1821, and offers to make any further assurance that the court may direct. He repeats, that Ward well knew what part of the lot was in possession of Gwathmey, and belonged to him, although he might not have known the precise number of feet; that Ward has quietly enjoyed it ever since his purchase and received the rents. He alleges, that Ward has sustained not one cent of damages, in consequence of the state of the title, but offers, if he has, to pay whatever may be found upon an issue of quantum damnificatus, which he prays the court to direct. He further states that Ward had instituted an action at law, upon the covenants in his deed, and offers to pay the costs, which may have been incurred therein, and prays that the proceedings therein, may be enjoined, but no injunction was obtained. *4 Cotton's amended answer, shewing the objection to title removed. At the November term, 1821, Cotton filed an amendment to his cross bill, stating that at the time, Ward in his action at law, had obtained a judgment against him for $14,705, besides costs, and he prayed for and obtained an injunction. Cotton's cross bill for injunction against judgment obtained by Ward, for breach of the covenant of seizin. Ward in his answer to the cross bill of Cotton, admits that he knew that Gwathmey's stable stood upon part of the lot, but denies that he knew how much of said stable stood upon the lot, or that more of it stood on the lot, than is mentioned in the deed from Cotton to him. He states that at the time the deed was drawn, Cotton pretended not to know the precise number of feet that had been conveyed to Gwathmey, said he would go and enquire, and when he returned reported the number of feet inserted in the deed. He charges that Cotton knew the number of feet, and concealed it. He admits the execution of the deed from Gwathmey to Bustard and others, in trust for himself and others, but says he never read it, or heard it read, and that at the time of his purchase, he had no recollection of the quantity of the said lot, which had been conveyed to Gwathmey. He insists that he believed he was purchasing a perfect and undisputed title, and urges his right to proceed at law, upon the covenants in his deed from Cotton. Ward's answer to Cotton's cross bill. Ward afterwards filed an amended answer, in which he states, that he was willing to reconvey the lot to Cotton, upon his refunding with interest, the $4,000, which had been paid, and the taxes and charges paid by him, on the lot, deducting therefrom, the rents received by him, and he tenders a deed to be delivered upon those conditions. He says that the estate is much depreciated in value, and that he is advised, that the conveyance obtained by Cotton from Patten's heirs, does not enable him to make a good title, and insists that a court of equity has no jurisdiction of the matters of the cross bill. Ward's amended answer to Cotton. The circuit court decreed the injunction obtained by Ward, to the judgments rendered against him, in favor of Cotton, for the purchase money to be perpetuated, and that the injunction obtained by Cotton, to the judgment in favor of Ward, should be perpetuated; except as to the sum of $4,000, with interest, from the 6th of June, 1818, and that it should be dissolved to that extent, but directed credit for rents to the amount of $1,571 12 1-2, after deducting the amount of improvements &c. allowed by that court. Decrees of the circuit court, rescinding the contract, and settling rents and improvements. From that decree both parties have appealed to this court. Cotton, because the circuit court did not compel Ward to keep the lot, and pay the purchase money, remaining due, and Ward, because the circuit court compelled him to pay more for rents, and allowed him less for improvements, than he conceives just. *5 Errors alleged by each party. It is obviously proper, that we should first decide upon the points, arising out of the appeal taken on the part of Cotton, and in doing this, we will in the first place, consider the case on the supposition that there had been no suit brought, or judgment at law recovered by Ward, against Cotton upon the covenants contained in the deed of conveyance from the latter to the former, and in the next place, we will examine the case, with reference to the effect the suit and judgment at law ought to have. It is proper here to premise that there is not the slightest ground for imputing fraud to Cotton, in making the contract. When he sold to Ward, he was in possession of the lot, and held a conveyance for it, which from the evidence in the case, there is every reason to suppose he honestly believed conferred upon him a complete and perfect title. But however honest and upright his conduct may have been, in making the contract, yet as he not only resists the rescission of the contract, but claims, moreover, that Ward should be compelled to retain the title he has made, and accept of such further assurance as he is able to make, and pay the purchase money; it is clear if his title, when he sold and conveyed, was materially defective, and still remains so, that he can not be entitled to succeed. It is necessary, therefore, that we should examine the state of the title. It is not sufficient that vendor acted without fraud in the sale; in seeking to compel the purchaser to accept the title, he must shew that it is not materially defective. The first objection to the title we shall notice, is founded upon the error in the description, in the part owned by Gwathmey, and excepted in the deed from Cotton to Ward, as being only twenty-six feet, when in truth it was thirty-six feet. Office of the videlicet. In conveyance of a half acre town lot, excepting so much thereof, as was sold and conveyed to J. S. the expression of a precise number of feet afterwards added under a videlicet, is inoperative as to the extent of the conveyance-- This description is given under a videlicet, and is preceded by a general exception of the part sold and conveyed to Gwathmey. The general exception, it is plain, would have been sufficient, to prevent any part of the lot owned by Gwathmey, from being included in the deed of conveyance from Cotton; but it seems to be supposed on the part of Ward, that by the description under the videlicet, all but 26 feet of the lot was included in the deed, and consequently, as Gwathmey's part was 36 feet, that Cotton had conveyed more than he had a right to. This we think, at least, extremely doubtful. The office of a videlicet, is to explain what goes before, and when it is repugnant to, or inconsistent with the preceding matter, it is inoperative and void. Suppose for example, it had been stated in the deed from Cotton, under the videlicet, that Gwathmey's part of the lot was 46 feet, would not the whole of the lot except the 36 feet, which really belonged to Gwathmey, have passed by the deed? We apprehend it would, and if so, the description under the videlicet, of Gwathmey's part by a less number of feet than really belonged to him, would upon a like principle have no operation. *6 And-- Be this. however, as it may, we can not think it material. The number of feet as described of Gwathmey's part of the lot, was not inserted through fraud, but by mistake, and from the nature of the transaction, it is evident, that Ward could not have been deceived or misled by it, as to the part of the lot he was purchasing. Gwathmey was in possession of his part of the lot, and in fact had a stable built on it, the wall of which was his boundary, and Ward was familiarly acquainted with the lot. A purchase of a lot under such circumstances, is not like a purchase of a large tract, the whole of which can not be surveyed by a single act of vision, and the extent and quantity of which can, therefore, be designated only by the number of acres or poles it may contain. For here, the whole subject of the purchase, might be comprehended by a single glance of the eye, and as Ward must have seen and known the extent occupied by Gwathmey, and of course the extent of that which he was purchasing, it is evident, although he might not have known the exact number of feet contained in either parcel of the lot, that he could not have been deceived. Where in such case an error in the precise quantity expressed under the videlicet is not by the fraud of the vendor, and the excepted part being covered by a building of J. S. the owner, and the purchaser being well acquainted with the lot, well knew what ground he was purchasing, he has no ground of complaint. But he ought perhaps, to be presumed to know, even the precise number of feet in Gwathmey's part of the lot; for it had been conveyed by Gwathmey to Bustard and others, in trust for Ward and others, and was described in the deed of conveyance as containing 36 feet in front, and as Ward not only admits his knowledge of the deed, but appears to have claimed the benefit of it, he ought to be presumed to know its contents. Perhaps the purchaser ought to be presumed to know the precise part of a lot conveyed by deed of trust for his security, and of which he had claimed the benefit, to repel his allegation of fraud against a seller to him, of the residue of the lot. If, therefore, the mistake made under the videlicet in the description of the number of feet owned by Gwathmey, should be considered as operative and the deed from Cotton to Ward should be in consequence thereof, construed as a conveyance of more than Cotton had a right to, the mistake would clearly be such, as a court of equity ought, and might, with propriety correct, and consequently Ward ought not to be permitted to avail himself of the mistake. A second objection taken to the title of Cotton is, that the conveyance to him from Cosby and Chambers was in violation of the trust under which they held the lot. Were this true, and Patten, who conveyed to Cosby and Chambers, had been the real owner of the lot in equity, he or his representatives might have asserted their right to it, and the title of Cotton though good at law, notwithstanding this objection, would have been defective in equity. But the lot really belonged not to Patten but to McConnell, who sold to Cotton. It is true, that the conveyance to Patten from the trustees of the town, was on its face absolute, but it was in fact, only intended as an indemnity to him, as the surety of McConnell, to the United States, and at the time the conveyance was made to Patten, he executed to McConnel, a separate instrument of writing, shewing the nature of the transaction. That writing seems in the estimation of the parties, to have become afterwards functus officio, and has been lost or destroyed, but its execution is unquestionably proved. Nor is it true, that the conveyance to Cotton, from Cosby and Chambers, was made in violation of the trust, under which they held the lot; for the debt to the United States, which McConnell enjoined, had been paid, and the purposes of the conveyance by the trustees of the town to Patten, and by him to Cosby and Chambers, having been fulfilled, the lot was sold by McConnell to Cotton, and the conveyance made to him by Cosby and Chambers, with the assent of Patten, as is inferable from his repeated acknowledgements: and a conveyance thus made, can not be said to have been made in violation of the trust. *7 Where the owner by executory contract had caused the title to be made to his surety for indemnity, and after discharging his liability, caused him to convey it to his vendee the title is valid. All this indeed appears not from the proof taken in this cause, but from the evidence in the suit brought by Cotton against Patten's representatives, to obtain a release of their right; but it is sufficient that it appears in that suit, for none but Patten or his representatives could claim or pretend to claim any right of the supposed violation of trust by Cosby and Chambers in conveying to Cotton, and as they are precluded from doing so, every one else must be precluded from asserting any claim for them. Evidence that the conveyance was so made by the trustee, extracted from the suit of the vendee against the heirs of cestui que trust. The third objection taken to the title of Cotton, is that the deed from Patten to Cosby and Chambers, though executed by him, was never acknowledged or proved in the proper office, to be recorded. This appears to be true. But notwithstanding the deed was not recorded, the legal title would pass thereby against Patten, or those claiming as volunteers under him. The deed would not, it is true, be good, as against creditors and purchasers, without notice. But it is neither alleged nor proved that there are any creditors of, or purchasers from Patten and his representatives, and it is evident that there can be none, hereafter without notice, in as much as the possession held under the deed from Patten, would be notice. That the deed to vendor was not registered, so as to be good against subsequent creditors and purchasers, is no ground for rescission where the vendor in such deed is dead, without creditors, and no subsequent purchase is shewn, and vendee is in possession. All doubt or difficulty, however, with respect to this objection to the title, is removed by the decree obtained by Cotton against Patten's representatives, by which they were compelled to release, and a deed has been accordingly executed in pursuance of the decree. Decree and conveyance removing the objection to the title obtained by vendor pending the suit exhibited in an amendment. The fourth and last objection we shall notice, is that the wife of Patten had not relinquished her right of dower, and that she has survived her husband, and is still living. This is true in fact, and at the time of the execution of the deed from Cotton to Ward, Cotton's title, to the extent of her right of dower, was defective; but she never had asserted any claim, and in the suit brought by Cotton against Patten's representatives, to which she was a party, she acknowledges that her husband only held the lot in trust, for the purpose alleged by Cotton, and promptly disclaims all right or claim to the lot, or any part of it, and the court notwithstanding her disclaimer, decreed her, with the other representatives of Patten, to release her claim. She must therefore, forever hereafter, be precluded, as well by her own disclaimer, as by the decree of the court, from asserting any claim to the lot. *8 Objection as to dower of widow of trustee removed by her disclaimer, and decree against her for a release. These are the only objections to the title in support of which there is any shadow of evidence, and as these are either not well founded or have been removed, the title of Cotton is now, both in law and equity, complete and perfect, and was so when he tendered to Ward, before the final hearing of the cause, further assurance. In executory contracts for land, if there be delay beyond the time fixed for the conveyance by the fault of vendor the purchaser will not in general be compelled to accept the title-- Ought Ward then, to have been compelled to receive such further assurance? Where a contract for the conveyance is merely executory and a time fixed for the conveyance to be made, if there be a delay beyond that time, in completing the title, which has been occasioned by the fault of the vendor, the purchaser will not in general be compelled to accept of the title. Even in such a case, however, where the delay has been occasioned by the state of the title, and not by the negligence of the vendor, a court of equity, considering the time of performance not of the essence of the contract, unless expressly made so by the stipulation by the parties, will compel the purchaser to accept the title. The invariable enquiry of a court of equity, when about to pronounce a decree in such case, is not whether the vendor was able, at the time when he entered into the contract, but whether he is able to do so, and a purchaser can not, it is said, insist upon being discharged from his purchase upon the masters report of a defective title, if the same is capable of being made good, in a reasonable time. 1 Maddock's, Chy. 349. But-- Where the parties have not made time of the essence of the contract and the delay is not the fault of the vendor, but is occasioned by the state of the title unknown at the sale, the invariable enquiry of the chancellor is whether the vendor is able to convey at the hearing. Time has been allowed vendor to perfect his title. The British courts of equity have even gone so far as to give the vendor, on a bill being filed by him for a specific performance, time to procure an act of parliament, to perfect his title, Sug. Ven. 252. But in this case, the contract is not merely executory, on the part of Cotton. He had conveyed to Ward, and put him in possession of the lot, and Ward had, in peace and quiet, enjoyed the possession, without molestation or disturbance from any one, nor was there any delay on the part of Cotton, in perfecting his title; for he seems, as soon as he was apprized of the objection to it, to have pursued with great diligence, the only means in his power to remove those objections. If, therefore, in any case it is sufficient, that the vendor is able to make a good title when the cause is heard, to compel the purchaser to accept it, undoubtedly it ought to be sufficient in such case as this; and as Cotton, before the hearing of the cause in this case, had removed the objection to his title, and had it in his power to make such further assurances as Ward had a right to demand, and had offered to do so, the court ought to have decreed Ward to accept, unless the judgment at law should present an insuperable objection to such a decree. *9 Where the contract is executed and vendee enjoys the possession undisturbed, and the vendor as soon as apprized of the objection to the title institutes suits and removes it, so as to have his title clear at the hearing, the purchaser shall accept a further assurance. We will, therefore, examine in the second place, what effect that judgment ought to have upon the case. A court of equity must either dismiss the parties, leaving them to the redress which the law affords, or it must give relief, either by setting aside the contract, or by decreeing its performance, by compelling Cotton to make, and Ward to accept, further assurance. There is no other alternative. To dismiss the parties, and leave them to their redress at law, would be manifestly unjust. The judgment obtained by Ward, is for the whole amount of the purchase money, with interest, and to permit him to exact the execution of that judgment, while he retains the title conveyed to him by Cotton and the possession of the lot, together with the rents and profits, would be too obviously iniquitous to admit of any shadow of defence. Some relief must, therefore, be granted, and as there was no fraud on the part of Cotton in making the contract, and the delay in making further assurance grew, not out of the fault or negligence of Cotton, but out of the state of the title, and he was able to make such further assurance, before the cause was heard; it is plain upon the principles we have before stated that there is no ground to discharge Ward from his purchase, and set aside the contract. It consequently results, that the only relief which can be granted, is by decreeing the specific performance of the contract, by compelling Cotton to make, and Ward to accept further assurance. That purchaser pending his bill for rescission, or further assurance obtained a judgment in damages for a breach of the covenant of seisin in fee, and thereby compelled vendee to come with his cross bill for injunction is no ground of objection to a decree for further assurances, which vendor by clearing the title before hearing enables himself to make, This relief would have been proper, as being the most adequate to the demands of justice, and therefore, the most equitable, and Cotton been the only complainant seeking the aid of a court of equity. But such is not the case. Ward had himself first appealed to the chancellor, asking either that the contract should be rescinded, or that Cotton should be compelled to make further assurances, and notwithstanding he had, pending his suit in chancery, recovered judgment at law, he still continued the suit until it was finally heard. In the mean time, Cotton had appealed to the same tribunal, and asked that Ward might be compelled to accept the farther assurance which Ward, in his bill, had asked that Cotton should be compelled to make. Thus by the concurrent act of both parties the court was put in the possession of the cause, and required to exert its jurisdiction, and whatever room there might be to doubt as to the relief which ought to be granted in a case where Cotton alone was the complainant, in the actual attitude in which this case is presented, there certainly can be no doubt, that the court should decree a specific performance, by compelling Cotton to make and Ward to accept of further assurance. *10 Where purchaser first comes into court and prays in the alternative for further assurance or rescission and the vendor clears his title and by cross bill for injunction against a judgment on the covenant of seisin, prays that purchaser may be compelled to accept the further assurance a decree confirming the contract and directing the further assurance is but answering the prayer of both. Costs. The decree of the circuit court is, therefore, erroneous, and must be reversed, the cause remanded to that court, that a decree may be there entered, compelling Ward to accept further assurance, and perpetually enjoining him from proceeding upon his judgment at law, against Cotton, and dissolving the injunction staying the proceedings upon the judgments at law, obtained by Cotton against Ward, but without damages, and giving to Ward his costs of his original bill, and to Cotton the costs of his cross bill. Damages. Ward to pay the cost of both appeals to this court. Bibb for Ward; Denny, Attorney General, and Crittenden for Cotton. 
