(Cite as: 1 A.K.Marsh. 52,  8 Ky. 52 (Ky.),  1817 WL 1143 (Ky.)) C Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Michael Dougherty v. Lewis C. Kercheval. Oct. 20, 1817. *1 ON A WRIT OF ERROR TO REVERSE A JUDGMENT OF THE MASON CIRCUIT COURT. West Headnotes Mortgages 266 k 187.1 266 Mortgages 266IV Rights and Liabilities of Parties 266k187 Possession or Control of Property 266k187.1 k. In General. Most Cited Cases (Formerly 266k187) A mortgagor cannot maintain ejectment against a third person if the mortgage money is unpaid. Mortgages 266 k 187.1 266 Mortgages 266IV Rights and Liabilities of Parties 266k187 Possession or Control of Property 266k187.1 k. In General. Most Cited Cases (Formerly 266k187) In ejectment brought by a mortgagor against a stranger, after the time for the performance of the condition is passed, defendant may show that the money is unpaid. CHIEF JUSTICE BOYLE DELIVERED THE OPINION OF THE COURT: This was an action of ejectment. Sundry persons were admitted defendants for distinct parcels of land claimed by the lessors of the plaintiff, for all of whom a verdict and judgment were given, except Dougherty, who prosecutes this appeal. The point which we deem most material to be noticed, is, whether the court below erred in refusing to permit the defendants, after they had produced, and read on the trial, a mortgage of the land in dispute, from one under whom the lessor of the plaintiff derives title to a third person, to prove that the money secured by the mortgage remained due and unpaid, and in instructing the jury that if the money was still due, the mortgage was no bar to the plaintiff's right of recovery. It can not admit of a doubt, that whenever a mortgage is regularly executed by one having the legal title, it is thereby transferred to the mortgagee, and that of course he must be immediately possessed of the right of entry. It is true, that if the condition be performed, the legal title will, by the terms of the mortgage itself, revest in the mortgagor. But if the condition be not complied with, it is clear that the title which passes by the mortgage, must still remain with the mortgagee. After the time has elapsed for the performance of the condition of a mortgage, as between strangers it will be presumed to be performed, and therefore it has been held that a mortgage to a third person can not be set up as an outstanding legal title, which will defeat a recovery in an action of ejectment, after the time stipulated for the performance of the condition, without proof that the condition had not been performed. But as the presumption of the performance of the condition in such case, is a mere presumption of face; proof that the fact is otherwise, is unquestionably admissible; for it is a settled rule, that a presumption only stands till the contrary is proved. We are therefore of opinion, that the court below erred in refusing to permit the defendants to prove that the money secured by the mortgage was due and unpaid, and in instructing the jury that if the money was still due, the mortgage was no bar to the plaintiffs right of recovery. *2 A mortgagor can not maintain an ejectment if the mortgage money is unpaid. After the time of performance of the condition of a mortgage is passed, the condition, as it relates to a stranger, will be presumed to have been performed. But a stranger has a right to shew the contrary. Many other points were made in the court below, by bills of exception taken by the defendants; but as we are of opinion that these, so far as we can perceive that they have any bearing upon the appellant, were correctly decided; and as the judgment must be reversed upon the ground already mentioned, we think it unnecessary to particularly notice the other points. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded for new trial. Bibb for plaintiff in error. 
