 THIS is a writ of error to an order of the Boone County Court, displacing the plaintiff in error from the guardianship of two of the infant orphans of Archelaus Allaway, deceased. The first question which is presented for our consideration is, whether this Court has jurisdiction of the cause? In deciding a question of this sort, the constitution and the acts of assembly of this State, furnish the only rules by which we can be governed. The common law may indeed be of use in explaining the terms employed in granting or restricting the powers delegated by the constitution and the acts of assembly, but cannot of itself either enlarge or curtail the jurisdiction of this Court. By the 11th section of the act of 1796, establishing the Court of Appeals, it is provided "that in cases in which the inferior Courts have cognizance, the Court of Appeals shall have appellate jurisdiction, under the regulation respecting appeals and writs of error thereinafter mentioned." By the first part of the 13th section, the right of appeal is limited to certain cases, but in a subsequent part of the same section it is declared "that writs of error, when demanded, shall issue as a matter of right except in criminal cases brought before and determined by the District Court." These provisions are certainly couched in very general language, and if unrestricted and unexplained by the constitution and other acts of the legislature, would be sufficient to give appellate jurisdiction to this Court, in all cases in which the inferior Courts have authority to act, except in those of a criminal nature which were cognizable in the District Courts. But it is plain that the general import of these provisions must be subject to the restrictions imposed by the constitution and other acts of the legislature. The constitution has vested in this Court judicial powers only, while it has conferred upon the County Courts a considerable share of executive authority, particularly in relation to the appointment of inferior officers. The appellate jurisdiction of this Court, cannot, therefore, without a violation of the constitution, be made to extend to every case in which the County Courts have authority to act, but must be confined to such as are of a judicial nature. The removal of a guardian does not appear to be a case of this description; in every judicial case there are regularly three persons, the actor, reus and judex, and it is essential to such a case that it should depend upon fixed and established rules; but in removing a guardian the County Court may act upon their own knowledge, or even suspicion, without the intervention of an actor or plaintiff, and according to their discretion, uncontrolled by any settled rules. The removal of an officer, the tenure of whose office is the will of a superior, is in all governments considered an executive function. A guardian being a private and not a public officer, does not change the character of the power exerted in his removal. Whether the officer be public or private, the nature and character of the power of removal will be the same. *2 In either case if it is to be exercised according to established rules and in a regular mode of proceeding, it will be judicial; but if its exercise depends upon the will or discretion of the functionary who performs it, it must be executive. There is another point of view in which if this case is considered, it will be apparent that this Court has not jurisdiction of it. Of cases cognizable in the inferior Courts, the act establishing the Court of Appeals, has, as was before suggested, excepted from the jurisdiction of this Court, those only of a criminal nature, cognizable in the District Courts. But by various other acts of the legislature, additional exceptions from its appellate jurisdiction are made; some of these are enacted by express words for the purpose, but others are inferred by necessary implication; and surely the implication in any case cannot be stronger than in a case like the present, where the law has invested the inferior Court with a discretion subject to no settled rules to control it. Whether therefore the removal of a guardian is considered as a judicial or an executive function, it is equally clear that this Court has not jurisdiction of the case. It is therefore considered by the Court, that the writ of error be quashed. 
