 *2 A. Morehead and Robert Latham, being partners in trade and general agents for each other, became indebted to the Bank of Kentucky in the sum of $15,914, for money advanced to them at the Russellville Branch on sundry notes discounted at their instance, and to secure the payment of those notes, or such as should be given in renewal in whole or in part of those notes, on the 8th day of October, 1817, they mortgaged to the bank, by a deed bearing that date, twenty slaves therein named. Morehead, on the same day, by his separate deed, as a further security for the payment of the same note, mortgaged a house and lot in the town of Russellville and a tract of land called the Distillery tract; and on the 10th of October, 1817, by another deed, Morehead, for the purpose of still further securing the payment of the same notes, mortgaged other tracts of land, to which he recited he had but an equitable title. On the 15th of May, 1818, Morehead and Latham became further indebted to the bank, for two notes discounted, one of Philip Latham's of $1,000, and the other of Robert Latham & Co. of $6,000; and to secure the payment of these notes, they mortgaged to the bank, by their deed of that date, nineteen of the same slaves they had before mortgaged, and the same house and lot in Russellville, which Morehead had, by his separate deed, mortgaged, and several tracts of land in Butler, Christian and Caldwell counties. On this deed there is an endorsement signed by Morehead, but without date, stipulating that Richard Jones' note of $2,600, offered by Robert Latham & Co. in part of their note of $6,000, mentioned in the deed, should, in case it was discounted, be a lien on the property mortgaged by the deed, except the house and lot. On the 30th of December, 1818, Morehead having procured a note of John Latham's of $4,720, to be discounted, by his deed of that date, referring to the deed of the 15th of May preceding, and reciting that the slaves were also bound to secure Richard Jones' note of $2,600, mortgaged the slaves again, to secure the payment of the note of John Latham for $4,720, and of such others as should be given in renewal of it. The recital of an agreement in a deed, is equivalent to an agreement made by the deed. The lien of a second mortgagee is merely equitable, inasmuch as the legal title to the mortgaged property, is in the first mortgagee. The act of assembly declaring that mortgages shall be void, etc., unless recorded within the prescribed time, applies to those mortgages only in which the legal title passes to the mortgagee. Mortgages of equitable titles, are subject to the general rules of equity, with the preference to priority. These deeds of mortgage were all recorded in due time, and each of them provided that the bank, by trustees to be appointed, might proceed to sell the mortgaged property, in case of default in payment of the calls which should be made by the bank. It is a general principle of equity, that if one creditor has a lien on two funds and another creditor has a lien of a younger date, upon one of these funds only, and the prior creditor elects to take his whole demand out of the fund on which the junior creditor has a lien, the latter will be entitled to have the prior lien assigned to him. *3 On the 20th of July, 1819, Vance having become endorser of a bill of exchange drawn by Morehead and Latham on Turner Morehead of Baltimore, for $4,500, payable ninety days after date, at the Union Bank of Maryland, Morehead and Latham mortgaged to Vance, nineteen slaves, the same which they had before mortgaged to the Bank of Kentucky, conditioned to be void if they should pay the bill of exchange when it became due, and if not, that he might proceed to sell the slaves to raise the money. They did not pay the bill of exchange when it became due; and about that time the Bank of Kentucky having appointed trustees to sell the slaves, in discharge of a part of the debt which still remained due to them, Vance took possession of the slaves and sold one of them for $350, when the bank, by filing a bill for that purpose, procured an order in virtue of which the slaves, except the one sold by Vance were delivered to their trustees, who sold eleven of them for the sum of $4,146. The bank then filed an amended bill, in which, as well as in their original bill, they claim, that prior to the sale of the slaves by their trustees, there was due to them, of the debts for which the slaves had been mortgaged, the sum of $7,784, with interest and costs of protest, and in support of their claim, exhibit four several notes, protested for nonpayment, three of which are in the name of Philip Latham, and the fourth in the name of Richard Jones. One of these in the name of Philip Latham, is for $4,000 dollars, and is alleged to be a renewal of the note in the name of John Latham, for $4,720, the payment of which is secured by the mortgage of the 30th of December, 1818, and the other two, one of $1,000 and the other of $384, are alleged to be debts secured by the mortgage of the 8th of October, 1817. The note of Richard Jones is for $2,400, being given in renewal for so much of his note of $2,600, for the payment of which, the slaves were agreed to be mortgaged by the endorsement made upon one of the deeds of mortgage. To their original and amended bill, the bank make Morehead and Latham and Vance defendants, and they pray that the equity of redemption in the slaves may be foreclosed, &c. If the lien of the prior creditor can not be assigned, his claim ought to be satisfied out of that fund which the junior creditor can not reach. Vance, in his answer, denies that the two notes of Philip Latham, the one of $1,000 and the other of $384, constitute any part of the debts secured by the mortgage of the 8th of October, 1817; alleges that the $2,400 which remains due on the ??ote of $2,600 of Richard Jones, being made a lien upon the slaves only by an agreement endorsed upon one of the deeds of mortgage, and which was never recorded, ought to be postponed to the lien created by his mortgage; and insists that the real estate mortgaged to the bank, is sufficient to satisfy the debts due to them, and that they should be compelled to resort to it in the first instance, and leave the slaves to satisfy his demand, being the only fund to which he can have recourse for that purpose. He makes his answer a cross bill, and prays for relief accordingly, making the bank and Morehead and Latham defendants. *4 Morehead, for himself, and as administrator of Latham, he having died, answered the original and amended bills filed by the bank and the cross bill filed by Vance, and in substance admits the justice of the demand made by each party against him, to the extent claimed by them respectively. The bank, in their answer to Vance's cross bill, insist upon the correctness of their claims, as asserted in their original and amended bills; and as to the real estate mortgaged to them, they allege that prior to Vance's mortgage, Morehead, with their assent, sold the house and lot in the town of Russellville and the Distillery tract, and delivered possession to the purchaser, to whom he has since conveyed; that for the lands to which Morehead had but an equitable title when he mortgaged them to the bank, he has since obtained the legal title, and conveyed them to the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of Russellville; and that the residue of the lands mortgaged, be in remote places and are of little value; and they insist upon their right, as first mortgagees, to have their debts satisfied out of the slaves. The circuit court was of opinion, 1st, that the two notes of Philip Latham, the one for $4,000 and the other for $1,000, were secured by the mortgages on the slaves; 2d, that Philip Latham's note to the bank for $384, was not provided for by either of the mortgages; 3d, that Richard Jones' note for $2,400, was not such a lien on the slaves as to be entitled to a preference to Vance's mortgage; and 4th, that the bank was not bound to proceed against the real estate. And a decree was pronounced by that court accordingly, from which both parties have appealed. The debts due to the bank prior to the sale of the slaves by their trustees, are clearly established to the amount of $7,784, and for the payment of that sum, with interest and costs of protest, they have an indisputable lien upon all the mortgaged estate, both of slaves and land, as against Morehead, who admits the justice of their claim; but to what extent they have such lien as against Vance, is a different question. Their right to a lien upon the slaves for the two notes of Philip Latham, the one of $4,000 and the other of $1,000, does not admit of any serious doubt; for the evidence shows very satisfactorily, that the latter is embraced by the mortgage upon the slaves of 8th of October, 1817, and that the former is provided for by the mortgage of the 30th of December, 1818. Their right to a lien upon the slaves for Philip Latham's note of $384, presents itself in a more questionable shape. On the part of the bank the note is contended to be a continuation in part of one of the notes, the payment of which is secured by the mortgage of the 8th of October, 1817; but the testimony on this point is contradictory. Morehead, whose deposition was taken by the bank to establish the fact, says that he believes it to be true; but he speaks of it with doubt and hesitation, and the clerk of the bank swears, that from an examination of the books of the bank, he does not believe the note in question to be a continuation of either of those secured by the mortgage of the 8th of October, 1817; and the extracts from the books, tend strongly to fortify his testimony. We concur, therefore, with the circuit court, in the opinion that the weight of the evidence is against the right of the bank to a lien upon the slaves for the payment of the note of $384, as against Vance. But we can not concur with that court, in the opinion that the lien of the bank upon the slaves, for the payment of the note of Richard Jones of $2,400, ought to be postponed to Vance's mortgage. *5 The agreement that the slaves should be bound for the payment of that note, is recited in the mortgage from Morehead to the bank, of the 30th of December, 1818. That mortgage is prior to Vance's mortgage, and was recorded in due time; and if the agreement binding the slaves for the payment of Jones' note, had been contained in that mortgage in formal words, there could not have been a doubt that the lien of the bank ought to be preferred to that of Vance. But the recital of an agreement in a deed, is, in law, equivalent to an agreement made by the deed; and hence it is held, that upon such recited agreement, an action of covenant will lie. 1 Marsh. 475; Esp. Nisi Prius 268. But putting the mortgage of the 30th of December, 1818, out of the case, and supposing the question to depend upon the effect of the agreement endorsed upon the mortgage of the 15th of May, 1818, we should still differ from the circuit court. Upon that supposition, we can not doubt, that, according to the general principles of equity, the lien of the bank upon the slaves for Jones' note, ought to be preferred to Vance's mortgage. The agreement endorsed upon the mortgage of the 15th of May, 1818, though not recorded, gave to the bank an equitable lien upon the slaves for the payment of Jones' note, and Vance's mortgage could have given him no more than an equitable lien upon the slaves; for the legal title to the slaves, had been before conveyed to the bank by the mortgage of the 8th of October, 1817, which was duly recorded. It is true, as the agreement that the slaves should be bound for the payment of Jones' note was not recorded, that Vance can not be presumed to have had notice of it, and there is no proof of his having had notice in fact of it; but it is equally true, that the bank could have had no notice of Vance's mortgage, when they advanced the money upon Jones' note, and took the agreement binding the slaves for its payment; for that agreemant, though without date, was evidently made prior to Vance's mortgage; for the agreement purports to be made when Jones' note was offered for discount, and the note bears date long anterior to Vance's mortgage. Besides, the agreement is recognized in the mortgage of the 30th of December, 1818, and that was before the date of Vance's mortgage. It is, therefore, impossible that the bank should have had notice of Vance's mortgage when the agreement was made binding the slaves to the payment of Jones' note. The equity, then, of the bank, is equal to that of Vance, and they have moreover, the legal title; and it is a settled rule, that where the equity of mortgagees is equal, he who has the legal title must be preferred. Hence it is, that a puisne mortgagee, who gets the legal title from the first mortgagee, is permitted to avail himself of its advantage, and thus protect himself against an intermediate mortgagee. But even supposing the legal title in this case to be in a stranger, and not in the bank; yet the equity of the bank being prior to that of Vance, ought to be preferred; for with respect to rights merely equitable, the rule is, that priority of time gives the advantage in right, according to the maxim, qui prior est tempore potior est jure. The circuit court, however, without noticing these general principles of equity, has founded its opinion exclusively upon the statutory provision of this country, making mortgages, when not recorded in due time, void, as against purchasers and creditors. But surely this provision ought not to receive such a construction as would render it subversive of the general principles of equity. Neither the language used in the provision, nor the object of the legislature in its enactment, requires such a construction. The provision is found only in a statute regulating the mode of conveying the legal title, and the language used in it ought to be construed like that of every other instrument, with reference to that which is the subject-matter of the statute. Thus construed, a mortgage, in the meaning of the provision, is a conveyance of the legal title, and not of a mere equitable interest, and that this is the true sense of the word, as used in the provision, is evident from the circumstance of the mortgage being made void against purchasers and creditors; for a purchaser, in the legal sense of the word, is one who has acquired the legal title, a mere equitable title being in legal contemplation nothing, and not even to be noticed in a court of law. And how could any one be a purchaser in consequence of the mortgage being void, unless they mortgage had been of the legal title? So, with respect to the creditor, it is evident, in the correct meaning of the provision, the thing mortgaged must be of a character upon which he would be entitled to have a legal lien for the satisfaction of his debt; but at the time when the provision was enacted, a creditor had no such lien upon a mere equitable title, and why should a mortgage of a mere equity be made void, as to a creditor, when he could, in law, be entitled to no lien upon it for the satisfaction of his debt? *6 It is plain, therefore, that the provision in question can only be construed to refer to the legal, and not the equitable rights of the parties; and when thus construed, it will have its due effect without being in conflict with the general principles of equity, and, of course, can have no bearing upon this case. The bank, then, has a lien upon the slaves mortgaged to them, as against Vance, for the whole amount of their debt of $7,784, except $384, the amount of Philip Latham's note for that sum. It only remains then to enquire, whether the bank should be compelled to resort, in the first instance, to the real estate, before they can be entitled to have satisfaction of their demand out of the slaves. Here it is proper to premise, that it appears that the bank, prior to Vance's mortgage, had assented to the sale by Morehead, of the house and lot in Russellville and the Distillery tract; and having thus relinquished their lien upon that part of the real estate, as they had an unquestionable right to do, there can be no pretence of right to subject it to sale in satisfaction of the demand, either of the bank or of Vance. As to those lands to which Morehead had but an equitable title, it appears that the legal title has been since conveyed to the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank of Russellville, and before they could be made subject to the mortgages of the Bank of Kentucky, the Farmers and Mechanics' Bank ought to be made a party to the suit; and as to the residue of the lands, they having been jointly mortgaged by Morehead and Latham, can not be decreed to be sold either in satisfaction of the demand of the bank or of Vance, unless the heirs of Latham had been made parties. There must, therefore, be some time consumed in bringing the proper parties before the court, in order to subject the lands to be sold, and whether it is the duty of the bank or of Vance to do this, depends upon the question whether the bank ought to resort to the lands in the first instance, in satisfaction of their demand. It is undoubtedly a general principle of equity, that if one creditor has a lien on two funds, and another creditor has a lien of younger date upon one of those funds only, and the prior creditor elects to take his whole demand out of the fund on which the junior creditor has a lien, the latter will be entitled to have the prior lien assigned to him, or to be substituted in the place of the prior creditor. 1 Johnson's Chancery Reports, 409. If the lien of the prior creditor can not be thus assigned nor the junior creditor be substituted in the place of the prior creditor, the same principle would unquestionably require that the prior creditor should, in the first instance, resort, for the satisfaction of his demand, to that fund which could not be reached by the junior creditor. But there are but few cases in which the lien can not be assigned or the junior creditor be substituted in his place, and this is certainly not one of them; for the mortgages upon the real estate may be assigned by the bank to Vance, or at least he may be substituted in the place of the bank, and thus have the benefit of the lien which the bank has upon the real estate; and surely there can be no reason, where this can be done, why the prior creditor should be compelled to abandon his election against which fund he should proceed. *7 We are, therefore, of opinion, that after giving credit for the amount of the price of the slaves sold by the bank, they are entitled to have the residue of the slaves sold, in discharge of the remaining part of their demand except $384; that if the slaves should bring more than shall be sufficient for that purpose, the surplus should go towards satisfying Vance's demand; but if they should not bring so much, Vance should be decreed to pay to the bank the amount of the price he received for the slave sold by him, or so much thereof as may be necessary to supply the deficit; and that the bank should assign to Vance's representatives, the mortgages upon the real estate, except the house and lot in the town of Russellville and the Distillery tract, reserving, however, to themselves, their lien for $384; for as to that, their equity to the lien upon the real estate, is equal to that of Vance, and having the legal title, they ought to be preferred; and furthermore, that Vance's representatives, if they should choose to do so, should be permitted to bring the proper parties before the court, to subject the lands aforesaid to sale, in satisfaction of his demand. The decree must be reversed and the cause be remanded to the circuit court, for a decree to be there entered in conformity to the foregoing opinion, and such other and further proceedings had, as may be agreeable to equity, and not inconsistent with this opinion. Vance's representatives must pay the costs of both appeals. 
