 Statement of the case. Allen, Ward and Prather leased to Camp a tavern in Louisville, for the term of five years, commencing the 9th of January, 1819, at a rent of three thousand dollars per annum, payable quarterly. When the two first quarters rent became due, the lessors distrained, and Camp sued out a writ of replevin, and had the goods restored to him, Gray becoming his security to obtain the replevin. On the 19th of August, 1819, Camp executed two deeds of conveyance to Gray, the one for a tract of land of 390 3/4 acres, and the other for his slaves and all his personal estate, including his household and kitchen furniture. To set aside these deeds as fraudulent, the lessors filed this bill, praying that the property might be made subject to be sold for the payment of the rent due and to become due, and that Gray might be enjoined from selling or removing the same. By an amended bill, filed the 24th of May, 1820, the complainants charge that the rent which had accrued since the filing the original bill, was in arrear and unpaid. Gray and Camp answered, and each of them denies the deeds to be fraudulent, and insists that they were made in consideration of money due from Camp to Gray, and for debts which Camp owed to others, and to pay which Gray was bound, and had assumed upon himself their payment. The circuit court decreed that the deed including the slaves and personal estate, should be annulled; but did not set aside the deed for the tract of land, and the complainants have appealed to this court. (1.) We can perceive no just ground the complainants have to complain of the decree. They have not shown themselves to be creditors by judgment and execution, and without having done so, they could not be in an attitude to impeach the deed for the tract of land, on the score of its being fraudulent. (1) A creditor must have judgment and execution, to impeach a deed of his debtor, for land, on the score of its being fraudulent. (2.) We will not say that they might not be entitled to the aid of a court of equity in setting aside the other deed, so far as it opposed an obstruction to their right to distrain for the rent in arrear; but the decree of the circuit court has gone at least far enough for that purpose; for their right to make distress only extended to the personal estate on the demised premises; and the decree has, therefore, given them relief to the full extent of their right. *2 (2) A landlord may, without judgment, have the fraudulent deed of his tenant for personal property, set aside, where it obstructs his right of distress.-- Arg. The decree must be affirmed with costs. Bibb, for plaintiffs; Denny, for defendants. 
