 *1 THIS was an action of covenant upon general warranty contained in a deed of bargain and sale of land in fee simple. A breach of the covenant is alleged in an eviction of the bargainee by a superior and adverse title. Issue was joined upon the plea of non infregit conventionem, and a verdict obtained by the plaintiff under the direction of the Court for the amount of the consideration paid, together with interest thereon from the date of the conveyance, and a judgment was thereupon rendered by the Court; to reverse which, this writ of error is prosecuted. The first point relied upon for the plaintiff in error, is, that an action of covenant would not lie in this case. Where the conveyance was by feoffment with warranty, the ancient and usual remedy in case the feoffee was evicted, was by voucher or warrantia chartoe. Whether in such case an action of covenant would not also lie, is not very clearly settled in the English books, so far as we have had an opportunity of examining them. It is however said to be the better opinion that it would not. But, be that as it may, it does not necessarily follow that the same doctrine will hold good with regard to a warranty contained in a deed of bargain and sale, or other deed operating under the statute of uses. It is evident that prior to that statute, if any action would lie for a breach of the covenant of warranty contained in such a deed, it must have been an action of covenant. It could then have been but a personal covenant, and ought, we apprehend, to be still so considered. But there are other considerations which we think are entitled to greater weight upon this point. The covenant of warranty has ever since, and long before the establishment of this Commonwealth, been uniformly treated as a personal covenant, upon which the action of covenant would lie. The invariable practice for so many years in a case where the balance hangs so nearly in equilibrio, ought to turn the scale in favor of the action; more especially as the remedy by voucher is taken away by statute and the writ of warrantia chartoe has become obsolete by disuse. An action of covenant will lie on the warranty contained in a deed of conveyance of real estate. To these considerations we may add that in the Supreme Court of Massachusetts, the only American Court, so far as we are aware, in which this question has been decided, it was held upon the score of the usage of the country that a warranty was personal covenant, and that the remedy by action of covenant was proper--Mass. Term, Rep. 544. That case, though not authority, is entitled to respect and tends to fortify the conclusion which upon principle we deem correct. 6 Viner, title covenant, (C) pl. 9, p, 378, (9) (cities Roll. Rep. 25, pl. 3-- Yel. 139--Noy 131--Hobart's Rep. 3, pl. 6--Hob. 3, pl. 31--Jenk. 224, pl. 83, Jenk. 291, pl. 31--Hobart 5-28)--(L. 7) pl. 1, p 409-- (Z) p 424, pl. 1 and 4. To recover upon a warranty, the plaintiff must show eviction, and that it was by a paramount title. *2 The second point relied upon for the plaintiff in error is, that the judgment of eviction having been obtained by default, is not sufficient to warrant a recovery in this case. To obviate this objection the defendants in error alleged that the plaintiff's intestate had notice of the pendency of the suit in which the judgment of eviction had been obtained; and to establish that fact, proved by a witness that he had heard the plaintiff's intestate say that he had been at Lexington, and had intended to employ an attorney to defend the action; but the witness did not know, nor did he hear him say, whether he had in fact employed one, nor whether it was before entering judgment or not. The counsel for the plaintiff in error then moved the Court to instruct the jury that notice from the purchaser to the seller, of the pendency of the suit in which the eviction was had, would not exonerate the former from his obligation to defend the suit; and that if any notice would so exonerate him, it should be a direct notice from him containing a requisition to the latter to appear and defend the suit. But the Court instructed the jury that information from any source, and without such requisition, would make it so incumbent upon the latter to defend the suit that the want of defense by the former would not prejudice his right to a recovery. Neither the instruction which was asked, nor that which was given by the Court seems material in this case. To obtain a recovery in a case of this kind, two points are necessary to be established--1. That there was an eviction; and 2. that the eviction was legal, and had by virtue of a paramount title not derived from the bargainee. An eviction may be either with or without the judgment of a Court. In the latter case, as there is no record or written evidence of the transaction, it would be absurd to require any other than parol proof of the fact of eviction; but in the former case, the record itself would be the only proper evidence of an eviction; and of that fact it would be in the same degree evidence whether the judgment was obtained after defense made or without defense. But with respect to the title under which the eviction was had, the record would not be evidence against the vendor, whether the judgment was obtained after defense made by the vendee or not: first, because the vendor not being a party to the record, could not be bound thereby; and secondly, because the judgment might have been obtained under a title derived from the vendee after his purchase, against which no defense could have availed. As, therefore, the record of the proceedings is in the same degree evidence of the fact of eviction, whether there was a defense made by the vendee or not, and in neither case can be evidence against the vendor of the other point necessary to be established, namely, that the eviction was had by virtue of a paramount title not derived from the vendee, it is plain that neither the instruction asked nor that which was given was in the slightest degree material. *3 Eviction may be with or without the judgment of a Court. If by a judgment of a Court, the record is the only evidence of eviction. And whether by default or upon defense made is immaterial, the record being evidence of the fact of eviction only, and not that it was by title paramount. Whether notice of the pendency of the suit in which the eviction was obtained, and the failure to make a defense on the part of the vendor, ought to have been received as circumstantial evidence that the judgment of eviction was obtained by virtue of a superior title, is a point which does not seem to have been made in the Court below: nor do we think it material now to be decided, since we are of opinion that the other evidence exhibited by the record of the superiority of the title under which the recovery was had, to the competency of which there was no objection, was sufficient to justify a verdict for the defendants in error. The third ground relied upon for the plaintiff in error is, that the Court erred in directing the jury that the consideration paid, with interest thereon from the date of the deed of conveyance, was the proper criterion of damages. In covenant. upon the warranty, the purchase money and interest is the measure of damages. It appears from the evidence spread upon the record in this case, that at the time of the sale by the intestate of the plaintiff in error to the defendants' testator, there was a farm on the tract sold; that the latter continued in the possession of the land without paying rent therefor until the commencement of the suit in which the judgment of eviction was had; that when the judgment was obtained commissioners were appointed, under the occupying claimant law, to assess the value of improvements, etc. and that the commissioners having reported a considerable sum due as the value of the improvements, after deducting the rent from the commencement of the suit, a judgment therefor was given in favor of the defendants' testator against the successful claimant. Under these circumstances it is contended--1st, That interest on the consideration paid should not have been recovered by the defendants for the time their testator enjoyed the land without being subject to rent; and 2d, that the value of the improvements on the land at the time of the sale should have been deducted from the amount to be recovered. The criterion of damages adopted in this case is that which had been established by this Court in the case of Strode and Cox's heirs, upon the authority of which many subsequent cases have been decided. That there should be some rule upon this subject is manifest, and we know of none less liable to objection or better calculated to attain the ends of justice, than the one which has been established. The principle upon which the rule is founded is, that the purchase money and interest is the actual gain made by the one, and the actual loss sustained by the other: whereas if the amount to be recovered was to be more or less, according to the rise or the depression of the price of lands, the inevitable result would be to enrich the one, to the prejudice of the other, contrary to the maxim both of the civil and common law, that nemo debet locupletari aliena jactura. The rule, however, is but a general one, and ought not to be applied to a case not coming within the principle upon which it is founded. In the case of Strode and Cox's heirs, and the cases subsequent to it, the circumstances upon which the objections to the application of the rule to this case is bottomed, did not occur. How far those circumstances ought to have the effect contended for, is the material inquiry. *4 2 vol. 276 to 280--Cosby v. West, 568--Vide Fisher v. Key, 440--Gerault v. Anderson, 545--XXII. Viner, Voucher, (T. b.) p. 144-5--(U. b.) With respect to the objection founded upon the exemption of the vendee from the payment of rent to the successful claimant, it does not appear to be sustainable, This is an advantage conferred by the occupying claimant law upon the vendee as the occupant of the land; but it is not taken from the vendor, but from the successful claimant, who, were it not for the positive provisions of that law, would be entitled to the rents as a remuneration for the use of his property. Though the vendee, therefore, may be said to be a gainer, the vendor is not a loser, nor can he have a right to complain. That the vendee is not accountable for rent by the statute of Kentucky, is not a cause for exempting the vendor from payment of interest. But the vendor is entitled to a deduction for the value of improvements on the land at the time of the sale for which the vendee recovered of the evictor or successful claimant. The objection founded upon the circumstance with respect to the value of the improvement upon the land at the time of sale, and for which the vendee recovered a compensation from the successful claimant, is entitled to more weight. The bona fide possessor is in justice entitled to a remuneration for the improvements he makes, and the law secures it to him or to those who represent him. The vendor having bestowed his money in meliorating the land, and the vendee having received a compensation therefor from the successful claimant, it is clear that the vendor would be a loser, and the vendee a gainer, to the amount of the value of those improvements, if it were not to be deducted from the amount to be recovered in this case. This would be enriching one to the prejudice of the other, and so far directly opposed to the principle upon which the general rule for the measure of damages in cases of this kind is founded. We are, therefore, of opinion that the plaintiff in error is entitled to a deduction of the value of the improvements on the land sold at the time of sale, and for which the vendee has received a compensation from the amount of the purchase money and interest, and that the Court erred in instructing the jury otherwise. Judgment reversed with costs, and cause remanded for a new trial. 
