 Statement. G. W. Bruce, being tenant for a term of years, of a salt making establishment at the Little Sandy Salt works, under a lease granted to him and William Montgomery, by Valentine Peers, as agent for H. Carter, sold the same, together with all the improvements, such as wells, pump-houses, pipes and buildings of all descriptions, which he then occupied to H. and N. Halbert, and agreed to furnish them with all the good salt kettles in his possession, and sundry other enumerated articles of personal property, "all of which property was to be valued by disinterested men, and the same amount in similar property to be returned at the end of said lease, on the same principles of a lease granted by D. L. Ward to Moses Kibby and Thomas Scott; and the said H. and N. Halbert bound themselves to pay to Bruce, in the same manner, and the same amount in proportion to the property by them purchased, as the said Kibby and Scott, are bound to pay to Ward in the lease referred to, except as to the times of payment which were to be the same as those in which Bruce was bound to make payments to Peers, in the lease from him as agent of H. Carter. Covenant declared upon. Both parties executed articles of agreement containing these stipulations. On these articles, Bruce, after the expiration of the term, brought an action of covenant against the Halberts, and assigned for a breach of their covenant, that they had not returned to him, but had wasted and destroyed the pipes, pump-sheds, and other buildings attached to the salt-making establishment. Assignment of breaches. The Halberts pleaded covenants performed, with leave to give any matter in evidence which both, or either of them might specially plead in bar of the action. Plea. On the trial of the issue joined on this plea, after Bruce had read in evidence the article of agreement on which the action was brought, and the leases therein referred to, the circuit court, on the motion of the Halberts, instructed the jury that the Halberts were not bound by their covenant, to return to Bruce the dwelling houses, pump-sheds, and other things forming part of the realty, to which Bruce excepted; and the only question presented for the decision of this court, is, whether the circuit court erred in giving this instruction to the jury. Evidence. Instructions and exceptions. We are of opinion that the court did not err in thus instructing the jury. The covenant in relation to the return of property, was evidently intended by the parties to be confined to the personal property furnished by Bruce, and cannot be extended, by any rational principle of construction, to the buildings or other things forming a part of the freehold. Had it been intended to include the buildings and other things belonging to the freehold, the covenant would have required the things in specie to be returned, but it was not required that the same things should be returned, but only that the amount in similar property should be returned, and it would be absurd to apply such a covenant to the real estate. Besides as Bruce had sold to the Halberts the whole term with all the improvements on the premises, he had thus parted with all the interest he had in the improvements, and at the expiration of the term they would necessarily revert to the lessor, and not to Bruce. *2 Discussion and construction of the words of the covenant. As the assignees of the term, therefore, the Halberts were bound by law to surrender the possession at the expiration of the lease, to the reversioner, and a covenant to return the improvements to Bruce, would have been repugnant to the duty enjoined upon them by law. To extend the covenant, therefore, to the things forming part of the realty, would be giving to the covenant an effect contrary to law, and this ought never to be done by construction. Purchaser of a term for years, is bound in law to surrender to the reversioner, not the vendor. A covenant ought not to be construed to require the party to do an act against law. Judgment affirmed with costs. Bibb and Triplett, for plaintiff. 
