 COLEMAN having by purchase from Wood an equitable title to some out lots in the town of Washington, on the 13th day of February, 1800, entered into article of agreement with Davis, whereby he stipulated to put Davis in the possession of said lots on or before the 1st of April, and to convey the same by deed with general warranty, on or before the 1st of June next thereafter. And Davis on his part stipulated to pass his obligation to Coleman for the payment of the price in the said article mentioned on the first of May, 1803. On the 20th of February, 1800, Wood conveyed the lots to Coleman, and the latter by a deed bearing the same date, mortgaged the lots to Wood, for the purpose of securing the payment of a part of the price of another tract of land which Coleman had some time previously thereto purchased of Wood. Coleman afterward conveyed the lots in question to Davis, who passed his obligation for the payment of the price, and has since discharged the same. In this situation of things, Wood filed his bill against Davis and Coleman to obtain a foreclosure of the mortgage, and to subject the lots to sale, for the payment of the debt due from Coleman, which he alleges had not been discharged. Coleman and Davis having answered, the bill was on a final hearing dismissed, and Wood has appealed to this Court. It is obvious that Coleman has no interest, either legal or equitable, in the lots in question, and consequently a decree of foreclosure would operate exclusively upon the interest of Davis. But as against him, there is no principle upon which a Court of Equity can interpose in favor of Wood. If indeed his mortgage is not fraudulent, it will give him the legal title; but to obtain relief from a Court of Equity, it is not sufficient that he has the legal title; he must also have a superior equity. This it is evident he does not possess. He pretends to no other lien than that which he holds under the mortgage, and that is only coeval with the date of the mortgage. But prior to that time Davis had acquired by the contract with Coleman his equity; and it is a settled rule, that qui prior est tempore potior est jure.--Davis has, therefore, not only an equal but a superior equity, and to grant relief against him in chancery in favor of Wood would be without example or principle to warrant it. *2 The decree must, therefore, be affirmed with costs. 
