 *2 THIS is an appeal from a judgment of the Christian Circuit Court, obtained on a motion by the principal sheriff against his deputy and others as his securities, for the failure to account for a part of the revenue tax of 1809. The whole evidence produced on the part of the appellee is contained in a bill of exceptions taken by the appellants, and is objected to by them as being, 1. Incompetent, and 2. Insufficient. With respect to the first objection, a very minute investigation does not appear important; for in a case like the present, where the Court decides both the fact and the law, and the whole evidence is spread upon the record, the admission of incompetent evidence cannot vitiate the judgment, provided there is sufficient competent evidence to support it; and if there be not a sufficiency of such evidence, the judgment must on that ground be reversed although no incompetent evidence may have been admitted. It may however be remarked, 1. That the judgment obtained by the Commonwealth against the principal sheriff in the general Court, was not admissible evidence against the deputy; because the latter not being a party thereto is not bound by it, and because the statute which gives the remedy by motion to the sheriff against his deputy, makes the deputy equally liable, and to the same extent, whether the Commonwealth has obtained a judgment against the principal or not. 2. That the auditor's certificate of the amount of taxes was admissible evidence; for the revenue law expressly makes it evidence against the sheriff, and the same law provides him a remedy against his deputy, "under the same rules and regulations." That the second objection is well founded, there can be no doubt. The evidence is perhaps sufficient as it relates to the deputy himself, but it is wholly defective in relation to the other appellants, there being not a particle of testimony to show that they were his securities; and in the absence of all proof of that sort, it is perfectly clear that no judgment ought to be given against them. The judgment must, therefore, be reversed with costs, and the cause remanded that new proceedings may be had not inconsistent with the foregoing opinion. 
