 On the 18th of January, 1822, Jonathan Jenkins, by a deed of that date, conveyed, together with all his household and kitchen furniture, the tract of land on which he lived, containing 424 acres, except 50 acres including the improvements whereon his son David resided, to his daughter in law, Polly F. Jenkins and her daughter Lucy M. Jenkins, with a stipulation, that the conveyance was not to take effect during his life, or that of his wife. Deed of conveyance by appellee to appellants. The deed purports to be made in consideration of the love and affection he bore to his daughter in law and her child, and in consideration of her agreeing to remain in his family during his life, and to render such superintendance over his domestic affairs, as she might deem proper and necessary, and for the benefit of her company and society, and for the additional consideration of one dollar to him in hand paid. Consideration. To set aside, and cancel this deed, he filed his bill in chancery on the 22d of July, 1822, making his daughter in law, and her child defendants. Bill of the grantor to set aside the deed. The grounds, upon which he seeks to obtain a cancelment of the deed, may be briefly stated to be 1st, his incapacity arising from his old age, and from the deep distress and distraction of his mind, occasioned by the recent death of his son, his youngest child and only one who lived with him; 2d, the artifice and fraud of some of the friends of the defendant, whereby availing themselves of his affliction and incapacity for business, they procured him to execute the deed; and 3d, the failure of the defendant Polly, to remain with her child in his family and afford him the benefit of her services and the comfort of her society and that of her child. In her answer, the defendant Polly, denies the incapacity of the complainant to make the deed, and the artifice and fraud charged upon her friends, in procuring him to do so, and she avers that she wished to live with him and endeavored to make herself agreeable to him and his wife; but that soon after the execution of the deed, he manifested his discontent towards her, and his dissatisfaction with the deed of conveyance to her and her child; and she alleges, that it was with his consent and upon his recommendation, that she left his home and returned to her father's to live. *2 Answer of appellants. The circuit court on a final hearing of the cause, decreed the cancelment of the deed, and from that decree, the defendants have appealed to this court. Decree of the circuit court for the cancelment of the deed. It is quite clear, that the decree of the circuit court can not be sustained upon the ground of the incapacity of the complainant. If at the time of the execution of the deed, he had been in such a state of utter alienation, or derangement of mind, as to render him incapable of disposing of his estate or binding himself by his contract, though his representatives after his death, might in that case, have availed themselves of his incapacity, to set aside the deed, yet it may well be doubted, whether he himself could do so. The case made out by the proof, does not, however, require us to decide that point. Query--Whether one who, in a state of mental incapacity, executes a deed, can after his recovery, have it canceled in equity-- --His heirs may. The complainant was indeed old, and his mind, weakened by age, was no doubt much depressed by the affiiction occasioned by the recent death of his son, but the evidence does not justify the conclusion that there was such a derangement or destitution of his intellect, as to render him legally incapable of disposing of his estate, or of binding himself by his contract, and how weak soever, his mind may have been, if it did not amount to a legal incapacity, it can not per se, be a ground, for setting aside his deed. Determined on the evidence that the grantor was compos mentis. Nor do we apprehend the decree can be sustained upon the ground of the artifice and fraud, with which he has charged the friends of the defendant, in procuring the deed. Upon a mind disposed, to look with jealousy upon the transaction, some suspicion of the truth of the charge, might be impressed from a perusal of the evidence; but it could be nothing more than a suspicion. It could not amount to a probability of even the lowest degree, and less than that certainly would not authorize a cancelment of the deed on the ground of fraud. Allegations of fraud in the procurement of the deed, decided against on the evidence. There is, however, firmer ground for the decree of the circuit court to rest on, in the failure of the defendant, Polly, to remain with her child, in the family of the complainant, and afford him and his wife the benefit of her services and the comfort of her society and that of her child. The fact, that she did not remain in the family of the complainant, but returned to her father's to live, shortly after the execution of the deed, is indisputable. She does not, in her answer, pretend to deny it, but she alleges, that the complainant consented to it. His consent, if it were given, is an affirmative fact, capable of proof, and to avoid the effect of her failure to perform her part of the agreement in this respect, she ought to have proved it. But she has produced no satisfactory evidence of the fact. On the contrary, her fixed determination, not to live with the complainant, is evinced not only by her conduct, but by her repeated declarations, for she does not appear to have ever made any serious attempt to do so, and to different persons, and on different occasions, she has been heard to say, that she could not live contentedly with him, and would not. The other considerations mentioned in the deed, are no doubt, in themselves, sufficient to support the conveyance; but her agreement to remain in his family, affording him the benefit of her service and the comfort of her society, and that of her child, was evidently a leading inducement ot the complainant, to execute the deed, and it is inferable, that without the hope of a fulfilment of her agreement in this respect, and the consequent anticipation of being thus relieved from the attitude in which he would otherwise be left, and of enjoying those feelings of affection generated by her connection with his favorite son, and rendered habitual by her residence with him for some years, he would not have entered into the contract, or made the conveyance. *3 An aged man, after the death of his favorite son, who had resided with him, conveys to his widow and her infant daughter, his land and household furniture, to take effect after his death, in consideration of love and affection, and her agreement to reside with him and his wife durng his life; shortly after she abandons them--held that he may have the deed set aside for a failure of the leading consideration. In such case she having admitted the abandonment, and alleged that it was by his consent, she must prove the consent. The decree must be affirmed with costs. Crittenden, for appellants; Robertson, for appellee. 
