 *7 THE main positions attempted to be maintained in the petition for a re-hearing, as well as on the re-argument of this case, are substantially the same as those relied on in the original argument, and are--1. That it is not necessary for a demandant in a writ of right to show an actual seisin; and 2. If it be necessary, that the patentee of the Commonwealth is, without entry upon the land so seized. It is no longer a question, whether, upon the principles of the common law, it was necessary for the demandant in a writ of right to show an actual seisin in himself or his ancestor, to enable him to recover. Such is now admitted on all hands to be the inflexible doctrine of the common law. As the common law has been adopted as a part of the code of this State, it must necessarily follow that this doctrine is in force and constitutes the rule of decision here, unless it has been either expressly or virtually repealed by some statutory provision. That it has been expressly repealed, is not pretended; but its virtual abolition has been attempted to be inferred from the act of 1786, reforming the method of proceeding in writs of right, because the form of the count given in that act has omitted the allegation of seisin. In the opinion formerly delivered in this case, this argument was repelled by remarking that it was the intention of the legislature to regulate the mode of proceeding, and not to change the nature of the facts necessary to be proven. That intention was then, and still is supposed to be sufficiently manifested, not only from the general context of the act, but more especially from the clause allowing any special matter which might have been pleaded to be given in evidence. But it is contended that such a construction would render the act useless and nugatory; and we are told of the exalted characters of its authors, and reminded of the gross absurdity of charging upon them such an unmeaning and inoperative law. Though it is not our business to eulogize the authors of this act, we must be permitted to disclaim the intention to derogate from their wisdom either as lawyers or statesmen; nor do we admit that we have done so in the construction we have given to the act. Without ascribing to them an intention to abolish the rule requiring seisin, or supposing that they acted upon the idea that it was abolished, we can see sufficient reason for the passage of such a law, to do justice to the motives and intelligence of its authors. In framing a count at common law, the difficulty of deducing the descent from the ancestor who was alleged to be sized, was in many instances very great; more especially when the descent was in the traverse or collateral line. And if in the count any one was omitted in the descent, if it commenced with one who never was in seisin, or if there was any error in the person or the name of any one mentioned in the descent, the demandant necessarily failed--1 Reeves' Eng. Law 431. To avoid difficulties of this sort, and the failures that necessarily grew out of them, was, no doubt, the object of omitting the allegation of seisin in the form of the count given in the act of 1786. For the other changes introduced by that act, the delay and expense necessarily incident to the common law mode of proceeding, would be sufficient rationally to account. But an indispensable reason for reforming the mode of proceeding, is to be found in the nature of the qualifications of those who composed the grand assize, and who alone could try the mise joined upon the mere right. Regularly they were required to be knights gladiis cinctis, and in their absence esquires only could be substituted in their place. But as all ranks were by the abolition of the regal government reduced to the level of plain citizens, it is evident when the mise was joined upon the mere right that a trial could not be had. It cannot then be believed that the construction given to the act by the former opinion of this Court, can imply the slightest imputation of the want of wisdom in those who passed it. *8 But it is contended that the rule requiring seisin is founded upon feudal principles, and that it is inapplicable to land titles in this country, which are in their nature allodial. Were it admitted that the rule was founded upon feudal principles, the inference attempted to be deduced from thence could not be justified. There are no rules of the common law which can be more clearly traced to their feudal origin, than those which regulate the course of descents; yet we are still daily in the habit of applying those rules to titles in this country, in cases where the ancestor died before the passage of the act altering the course of descents; and had that act not been passed, there can be no doubt that those rules would have been universally regarded as the criteria of right in every case of descent. So the necessity of livery of seisin to convey a freehold estate, is admitted to be founded upon feudal reasons, but it cannot be pretended that such an estate could have been otherwise conveyed at this day, if there were no statutory provision to authorize it. These examples, to which many others might be added, are sufficient to show that the mere circumstance of a rule being founded upon the principles of the feudal law, is no evidence of its not being in force in this country. But the position that the rule in question was founded upon feudal policy cannot be conceded. It was gratuitously assumed in the argument, without the citation of any authority in support of it, and it is confidently believed that there exists no such authority. But against the doctrine that seisin is not necessary to be shown in a writ of right, an argument which has not been answered, and which it is still thought is unanswerable, is afforded by the statute of limitations. That statute requires a seisin within a limited time before the test of the writ. To dispense with the necessity of seisin, is therefore utterly irreconcilable with this provision: for, as was remarked in the former opinion, if seisin be not necessary to be shown, it cannot be necessary to be shown within the time limited by the statute. And if this doctrine be correct as to the patentee, because his title is allodial, it is equally so as to his heir, his devisee or his alienee: for the nature of the title cannot be changed by passing to them. It is in their hands as much allodial as it was in the hands of the patentee. As, therefore, the whole lands of the State must be claimed by one or other of these descriptions of persons, there is no case, if this doctrine be true, in which the statute can operate. It will thus become a lifeless letter, a mere incumbrance in the statute book, and possession for no length of time can give any repose or security to titles. It cannot be pretended that the seisin required by the statute, is not an actual seisin. The cases cited in the former opinion completely negative such an idea, and the whole current of authorities, from the first enactment of the statute till the present time, runs in the same way. *9 If then actual seisin be necessary to maintain a writ of right, it remains to inquire whether the patentee is so seised before he has entered upon the land? There are but two kinds of seisin or possession known to the law--a seisin or possession in fact, and a seisin or possession in law. The former is gained by an actual entry upon the land; the latter is where there is no such actual entry made, but the law, for certain purposes, supposes a fictitious possession. The one is therefore founded upon fact, and the other upon fiction. The one is real, and is cognizable by the senses; the other is ideal, and exists only in contemplation, or construction of law. Besides these, the law not only recognizes no other, but it is impossible that any other should exist. The mind cannot conceive the idea of a third species of possession, nor can any combination of words express such an idea. To say that a person may be seised in deed, or in fact, by construction of law, is an assertion which conveys no distinct meaning, it is in truth inconsistent with itself. For if a person be seised in deed, or in fact, then he is not seised by construction; and if he be seised by construction only, he is not seised in deed. Where the fact exists, the fiction must be at an end; and if the fact do not exist, the possession can be nothing but a fiction. It is plain then that the patentee can only be seised either in fact or in law. When he has by himself or another entered upon the land, he has thereby become seised in fact; but before he has made such an entry, he can only be seised in law. The position, therefore, that he is seised in fact, without an actual entry upon the land, is utterly inadmissible. It not only annihilates all distinction between fiction and fact, but while it assumes that the party is in actual possession, it in terms admits that he is not so; thus involving the greatest of all possible absurdities, that the same thing may be, and not be, at the same time. According to this doctrine, a man may be in the actual possession of a tract of land in this country, not only where he has not in fact entered upon the land, nor any one for him, but when he has never been within the limits of the Commonwealth. He may be in the remotest region of the earth, among the antipodes if you please, and still at the same time in the actual possession of land here. Before we can admit such a doctrine, we must be prepared to abandon the evidence of our senses, and to deny the first principles upon which all science is founded. The cases referred to in the argument, in support of this doctrine seem clearly to be misunderstood, or to be misapplied. It cannot be admitted, as was contended, that the bargainee, under the statute of uses, was in actual possession before entry. If he were so, he certainly could maintain trespass; but it is settled that he cannot have trespass before entry--Cart. 66--6 Com. Dig. title trespass, B 3. And the author of the "Treaties upon Equity," observes, emphatically, that actual possession is not in cestui que use under the statute, neither can he maintain an action of trespass; for it is impossible an act of parliament should give anything more than a civil seisin-- 2 Fonb. 12, for which is cited Gilb. Uses, 230. *10 The case referred to in the argument in which it is held that where lands are in lease for years, and the reversioner dies, his heir will be actually seised without entry, is admitted to be law. But in that case there is an actual possession of the tenant, and his possession is the possession of the heir, under whom he holds; and it never was denied that a man might acquire or hold the actual possession by another, as well as by himself: for that which a man does by another, he does by himself, according to the maxim qui facit per alium facit per se. The application of the case of the possessio fratris, which was mentioned is not perceived; but if it applied, it would not prove what was intended by it: for, to constitute a possessio fratris there must be an actual seisin; a pedis possessio, and a mere seisin in law is not sufficient. The case cited to prove that in England a patent from the crown amounts to a livery in law, is also admitted to be sound law: but every one who has any pretensions to legal information, must know that a livery in law does not give an actual possession until entry is made upon the premises. That case, so far from justifying an inference that a patentee is, without entry upon the land, actually seised, demonstratively evinces that he is not seised, and is in perfect consonance with the doctrine quoted in the former opinion from Coke upon Littleton, and the Grounds and Rudiments of Law. The position then that a patentee is actually seised before he has entered upon the land, is not only preposterous in principle, but unsupported by precedent. If, indeed, the legislature had, in the law authorizing grants of land to be made, expressly declared that the patentee, without entry, should be actually seised, absurd as anything would have been, the Court would have been bound so to have pronounced the law. But the legislature have made no such declaration, nor have they nsed any expression which is susceptible of such an exposition. But to learn what the law is, our attention is directed, not to the law itself, but to the state of the country. That, we are told, was an uninhabitable wilderness, a gloomy forest, the haunt of wild beasts, and environed with savages. This certainly affords no argument to show what the law is, nor does it even prove that the law ought to be such as is contended for. Laying aside all consideration of the absolute incongruity and absurdity of such a law, there can be no reason for it or utility in it. While the country continued to be an uninhabitable wilderness, it could be of no advantage to the claimant that he should be declared by law to be in the actual possession; and when the country became inhabitable he might acquire the possession without the aid of such a provision, by an actual entry upon the land, the only way in which nature has ordained that possession can be acquired. This he might do, not only when the country became inhabitable, but for twenty years after the tract claimed by him shall have been occupied by another adverse claimant. Whether, therefore, the country was inhabitable or not, when the grant was made, must be a matter of perfect indifference. *11 From the foregoing opinion Judge LOGAN dissents; but the Court being equally divided, the judgment of the Court below must be affirmed with costs. 
