 This was a bill in chancery filed by Ezekiel Harrison, sen. and Ezekiel Harrison, jun. against Davis and Edwards. They allege in substance in their bill, that on the 12th of October, 1813, Davis, by certain articles, of agreement signed by them and Davis, covenanted to convey to them by deed of general warranty, five hundred acres of land, adjoining the Rich Grove survey, being the head-right lands that Davis purchased of Edwards; and that they were to have their choice of all the head-rights lands remaining, after Jesse Harrison; that Davis also bound himself to convey by general warranty deed, eighty-five acres of land, being part of the military tract he held adjoining, and being a part of the one hundred and seventy-five acres, &c. in consideration of which, &c. &c. all which, will more fully appear, by reference being had to said articles of agreement, which are referred to and made a part of their bill. Nevertheless, they aver, that although they have, on their part, done all which by their contract they were bound to do, yet Davis had not, though frequently requested, conveyed or caused to be conveyed to them; they are, however, advised that the legal title yet remains in Edwards, from whom Davis purchased said land; and they pray that Davis may be compelled to obtain the legal title from Edwards, who, as they are informed, is willing to convey according to his contract, and that Davis may be compelled to convey to them said five hundred acres, as chosen and selected by them, which they aver they have done; and they ask for general relief. *2 Decree on bill taken pro confesso, reversed. Where no contract is exhibited, binding a man to convey, and the bill does not allege that he was bound to convey with general warranty, a decree that he shall convey with general warranty, is erroneous. Where the contract on which a complainant files his bill, contains stipulations to be performed by him as conditions, he ought to aver what he performed in fact; an allegation that he performed all that he was bound to perform, is insufficient. The bill was taken for confessed against Davis and Edwards, and they were jointly decreed to convey with general warranty, the land in the bill and contract mentioned by the first day of May, 1819, and in the event of their failing to do so, Jesse Harrison was appointed to convey, and they were, moreover, decreed to pay the costs; and to reverse the decree, this writ of error is prosecuted by Davis and Edwards. The bill is manifestly insufficient to warrant the decree. The contract of sale from Edwards to Davis, is not set forth; nor is it even alleged, that he was bound by his contract to convey with warranty, and unless there has been some allegation to that effect, or the contract had been exhibited, whereby the court might have seen that he was bound to warrant the title, a decree compelling him to convey with warranty, could not with propriety have been pronounced against him. But even as to Davis, the allegations of the bill are wholly insufficient to justify the decree. The statement which is given of the contract between Davis and the complainants, does not purport to be the substance of the whole terms of the contract. A reference is indeed made to the articles of agreement, which are alleged to be filed and made a part of the bill, and if they had been filed, they might have supplied the defect in not setting forth particularly, the terms of the contract. But they are not copied into the record; and although they have been set up to this court, in return to a certiorari directed to the clerk of the circuit court, yet he certifies the fact that they never had been filed, until the day on which he made out his return. They cannot, therefore, be taken as a part of the bill, upon which the circuit court could have adjudicated; and without them, as the bill only purports to state the agreement in part, it is obviously too defective to justify the decree. Supposing, however, that the articles of agreement had been filed in due time to be considered a part of the bill, and the defect in not setting forth the particular terms of the contract, to be thereby supplied; still, as the articles of agreement show that the complainants had stipulated to make sundry payments in money and property, at different times, it was incumbent on them to aver that they had done so, by sufficient allegations; but this they have failed to do. The general allegation, "that they had done all that they were bound by their contract to do," is clearly insufficient. By such an averment, they in effect, assume upon themselves to decide the extent of their obligation, as well as the nature of the acts which amount to a discharge of it, whereas they ought to have alleged the facts they had performed, that the court might judge whether they had done what their contract obliged them to do. *3 An exhibit not filed in the court below until after final decree, can not be noticed by the court of appeals, although it is referred to in the bill and (untruly) alleged to be filed in the cause. The decree must be reversed with costs, and the cause be remanded that the complainants may have leave to amend their bill, and that such other proceedings may be had, as may be agreeable to the rules of equity, and not inconsistent with the foregoing opinion. 
