 Judge LOGAN absent. THIS was an indictment for a battery committed on the 3d of August, 1808. The jury found a verdict for the Commonwealth, and assessed the fine to seventy dollars; but upon motion of the defendant the judgment for the fine was arrested, and a judgment rendered for the defendant, that he should go without day; to reverse which judgment this writ of error is prosecuted on behalf of the Commonwealth. The position assumed in arrest of the judgment was, that at the time the battery was committed it was not an indictable offense, but punishable only by proceeding under the act against breaches of the peace. The correctness of this position is the point now to be decided. The act authorizing a summary mode of proceeding to punish breaches of the peace, passed December the 21st, 1802, and contains an express provision that on default of the officers to proceed against the offender in the time and manner prescribed by the act, such offenses should be punished as heretofore-- See sec. 1, latter part, chap. 61, of session acts, 1802. By the 4th section of an act passed December the 20th, 1802, chap. 50, same session, after reciting that "whereas a mode of proceeding and punishing offenses has been provided by an act of assembly, differing in some cases from that which had before been provided by the common law, or by English statutes, it is enacted, that in such cases the provisions of the common law or of the English statutes, shall be and are hereby repealed." And by the 24th section of an act passed December the 22d, 1802, chap. 53, same session, all laws and statutes which provide for the punishment of offenses for which other punishments are provided by act of assembly are repealed. It is contended on the part of the defendant that the provisions of the two last mentioned acts abrogate the reservation of the common law mode of proceeding by indictment, contained in the act authorizing a summary mode of proceeding against breaches of the peace. It is a sound rule, that several acts made in pari materia are to be construed together, and taken as one statute. This rule, if in general correct, is more especially so with respect to acts which, like those under consideration, have been passed at the same session of the legislature, and within a day or two of each other. In such a case, reason requires that the several provisions should receive such a construction, that the whole may, if possible, stand together ut res magis valeat quam pereat. We perceive no absolute incompatibility between the repealing sections mentioned and the provisions of the act against breaches of the peace. If the generality of the expressions of the repealing sections are restrained to those cases in which there is no saving of the common law mode of punishment, there will still be abundant room for the operation of those sections, while the reservation of the common law mode of punishment, as to breaches of the peace, will have its effect. Such a construction seems, therefore, to be required by the soundest rules of interpreting the legislative will. This conclusion is strongly supported by adverting to the absurd consequences that would result from a contrary construction. The summary mode of proceeding under the act against breaches of the peace, is required to be had within one month after the commission of the offense. If the doctrine contended for on the part of the defendant were to prevail, an offender, by evading the law for one month, would be released forever from punishment. Add, too, to this consideration, that if the offender could be proceeded against only under the statute, whether he evaded the law or not, he could not, in cases of enormity, where justice would most imperiously demand punishment, be adequately punished, on account of the restriction in the degree of punishment imposed by the act. These consequences resulting from the position assumed for the defendant, tend to confirm the construction we deem correct. *2 We are, therefore, of opinion (Judge Clarke dissenting) that the judgment for the defendant in the Court be low is erroneous, and ought to be reversed. Judgment reversed, and cause remanded for judgment, etc. 
