 CLAY and Finnie having interfering land claims, in order to adjust their dispute came to a compromise, by which they agreed that when Finnie's entry and those on which it depended should be surveyed in squares to the cardinal points, Clay would convey to him the land contained in a survey when thus made, and which was also included in his patent, and that Finnie would relinquish to Clay the residue of the land contained in his patent, and which is also covered by Clay's. The parties, for the purpose of carrying into effect their agreement, met upon the ground, and had a survey made by running the lines according to the direction of the magnetic needle; but it being inconvenient then to prepare and pass deeds of conveyance, a future period was appointed for that purpose. In the meantime Finnie became dissatisfied with the manner in which the survey was made, and refused to interchange conveyances agreeably to the lines that were run, alleging that the correct construction of the agreement required the survey to be made by running the lines according to the direction of the true meridian. Clay, though willing to carry into effect the agreement by conveyances agreeable to the survey which had been made, refused to have the lines run according to the true meredian. To enforce the execution of the agreement by a survey made by the direction of the true meredian, Finnie filed his bill, which upon a final hearing was decreed to be dismissed with cost by the Court below; from which decree he has appealed to this Court. Whether the parties intended that the lines should be run according to the direction of the magnetic needle, or the true meridian, is the principal question to be decided. This is a question very different from that which respects the manner in which an original survey ought to be made. As to the latter, a positive rule is established by an act of the Virginia legislature, passed in 1772, which in unequivocal terms requires that every new or original survey shall be made by the true, and not the artificial or magnetic meridian; but neither that nor any other law has prescribed a similar rule with respect to surveys to be made in pursuance of the agreement of parties. An agreement that a tract of land should be laid off by the direction of the magnetic needle, is prohibited by no law, and would be equally as binding as if the courses had been agreed to be run by the true meridian. Had the parties therefore in this case explicitly declared their intention that the courses should be run as the magnet might direct, no difficulty would have occurred; but the expression in their agreement, that the surveys should be made in squares to the cardinal points, leaves it ambiguous whether they meant the cardinal points as indicated by the true meridian or the magnetic needle. The former is strictly and technically speaking the meaning of the expression, but in popular acceptation the latter meaning has been ascribed to it; and where an expression susceptible of this twofold signification is used in an agreement, it ought to be taken in its popular, rather than its technical meaning. There are other considerations which in this case tend to fortify this construction. It is abundantly proven that the most usual, we might say the almost universal mode of making surveys, was according to the magnetic courses. *2 Where a usage has prevailed so long and so generally, it is much more reasonable to suppose the parties had reference to it, than to the mode of surveying according to the true meridian, so little known, and seldom used in practice. That an agreement ought to be interpreted with reference to the usage of the country, although such an interpretation is contrary to the technical meaning of the language used by the parties, is fully warranted by the English authorities. By the statute de terris mensurandis, an acre was fixed at 160 square perches. But notwithstanding the statute, in some places, in compliance with custom, a less, and in some a greater quantity than the statute measure, continued to be called an acre, and it frequently becomes a question, whether the customary or statutory measure shall prevail. Upon this point it has been decided, that in adversary writs the number of acres are to be accounted according to the statute measure, but in fines and common recoveries which are had by agreement and consent of parties, the acres are to be taken according to the customary and usual measure of the country, and not according to the statute--Sugden, 228. As a further proof that the parties in this case had reference to the courses as indicated by the magnet, the circumstance of the survey having been made in that way in the presence of the parties without objection, is entitled to no inconsiderable weight. Finnie's acquiescence in the mode in which the courses were run, is not left to be inferred from his silence merely, but is established by his express declaration, made at the time, "that he was satisfied with the survey." One witness indeed states, that he declared himself satisfied if the survey was made correctly, but the testimony of this witness is more than countervailed by a number of others, who swear that Finnie expressed his unconditional satisfaction with the survey as made. Upon the whole, we think the true construction of the agreement required that the survey should be made as it was done in this case, by the direction of the magnetic needle, but we are of opinion that the Court below ought to have decreed the execution of the contract according to that construction, and that the decree of that Court, though correct with respect to the costs, is erroneous in dismissing the bill. Wherefore it is decreed and ordered that the decree of the Circuit Court, so far as respects the costs in that Court be affirmed, and that so far as relates to the dismissal of the bill it be reversed and set aside; and that the cause be remanded to said Court, that a decree may be thus entered up agreeably to the aforegoing opinion, and that such other and farther proceedings be had therein as may not be inconsistent with law and equity. And it is further decreed and ordered that each party pay their respective costs in this Court. 
