 *1 THIS is an appeal from a judgment obtained by the appellee against the appellant in an action by petition and summons. A note drawn payable and negotiable at the office of the Kentucky Insurance Company, indorsed in blank, actually discounted at that bank, and taken up by the payee is not extinguished thereby, and the payee may maintain debt on the note. A blank indorsement is an authority to any holder to superscribe an assignment. But until the indorsement is so filled up, a suit may be maintained by the payee; afterward it cannot be brought in the name of the payee or indorser. Nil debet no plea to debt on note not under seal. The first point we shall consider is, whether the action is maintainable or not? The note upon which the petition is founded was given by the appellant to the appellee, negotiable and payable at the office of the Kentucky Insurance Company, indorsed in blank by the appellee and appellant, discounted by the company and afterward taken up by the appellee, on paying the amount thereof to the company. If the action is not maintainable, it must be either because of the indorsement made by the appellee or because the note was extinguished by the payment of the amount thereof to the company by the appellee. It has been held that a blank indorsement does not of itself transfer the property of a negotiable instrument, and that notwithstanding such indorsement the payee or first indorser may maintain an action in his own name--12 Mod. 192. A blank indorsement will render a note or bill payable to order, like a note payable to bearer, transferable by delivery, and will give to any person to whom it may be transferred the power of constituting himself the assignee of the beneficial interest in the instrument, by filling up the indorsement payable to himself; and when it is thus filled up, the action cannot be brought in the name of the payee or indorser. But as in this case the indorsement remained blank, it can furnish no ground for an objection to to the action in the name of the appellee. It is no less clear that the note was not extinguished by the appellee's paying the amount to the company. Such would have been the effect, had the payment been made by the appellant, who was the original payor of the note; but where a negotiable instrument is taken up by an indorser, the instrument is not thereby extinguished, nor the obligation of any preceding party to the instrument destroyed. If the indorsement be in full, the indorser taking up the instrument cannot maintain an action in his own name upon it, unless it be reindorsed to him by the last indorser; but where the indorsements are in blank, such a reindorsement is not necessary, because, as we have already stated, the instrument in that case is transferred by delivery, and the action, notwithstanding such indorsements, may be brought in the name of the original payee. The second point we shall notice is, whether nil debet was an admissible plea to the action? The note upon which the action is founded was given after the passage of the "act to amend the law of proceedings in civil cases," approved February 14th, 1812. By the 8th section of that act all writings thereafter executed without seal, for the payment of money or property, or for the performance of any other act, are placed upon the same footing with sealed writing, and to all intents and purposes invested with the same force and effect. This act having raised an unsealed instrument in all respects to the dignity of a specialty, it necessarily follows that no plea can be admitted as a defense to an action founded upon such an instrument, which would not be admissible to an action founded upon a specialty; and as nil debet is not a good plea to an action upon a bond or other specialty, it was consequently not admissible in this case, and the Court below acted correctly in rejecting it. *2 The only other point made in the case is as to the sufficiency of a plea which on a demurrer was adjudged bad by the Court below. The object of the plea is to deny the consideration upon which the note is founded; but it is clear that the facts alleged neither show a want of consideration nor a failure of consideration. The judgment must be affirmed with costs and damages. 
