 *2 The first and principal question which occurs in this case, is, whether the deed of conveyance made to Trotter and others by Grimes, in trust for the payment of his debts, is fraudulent and void as to creditors. The first question stated. (1.) The deed is a transfer of all Grimes' estate, both real and personal, without exception, and either of the trustees to whom it was made, was a creditor of Grimes, nor does it appear that his creditors were consulted, or that they consented to the conveyance. (1) A deed to trustees, not creditors, conveying all the grantor's estate for payment of his debts, without request or subsequent consent of the creditors, is without consideration. The trustees, in their answer, allege, indeed, that they accepted of the trust at the request of some of the creditors; but there is in the cause, no proof of the fact. And were it admitted to be true, it could not affect those creditors who had not made such requests, nor otherwise given their consent to the conveyance. It is, to be sure, reasonable that the creditors who consent to a conveyance of this sort, should be bound thereby, and ought not to be permitted afterwards to object to it; but it is plain that they could not bind other creditors who did not consent to the conveyance, and it is not pretended that Combs, the complainant, or those of whom he is the assignee, ever consented to the deed of trust in this cause, either before or after its execution. The deed of trust, therefore, must be assumed to be made by Grimes to strangers, and not to creditors, for the payment of his debts, and such a deed is merely voluntary and without consideration. The creditors who consented, can not afterwards object; but consent of part does not affect the others. (2.) The deed on its face purports to be made for the consideration of five shillings paid by the trustees; but that, although sufficient to pass the title as to Grimes, is evidently but a nominal consideration, and the deed, notwithstanding, as to creditors and purchasers, must be taken to be voluntary, and as to them deemed in law fraudulent and void. This is the doctrine of the English books under their statutes of Elizabeth, of similar import to the statute of this state against frauds and perjuries. Roberts on Fraudulent Conveyances, 429-30, and the cases there cited. (2) The expression of a consideration of five shillings, paid by the trustees, in a deed of trust, is understood to be nominal, and does not protect it against creditors and purchasers. The next question which occurs in the case, is, whether the complainant is such a creditor, and to what extent he is such, as can avail himself of the objection to the deed, on the score of its being fraudulent as to creditors. (3.) The doctrine is incontrovertibly established, that a creditor whose claim is of a purely legal character, and therefore cognizable in a court of law, must, in order to place himself in an attitude to take advantage of a deed, on the ground of its being fraudulent, sue at law and recover judgment, and issue execution thereon. In this case, the complainant alleges in his original bill, and the allegation is verified by the record, that he had obtained judgments upon two notes and issued executions thereon, and delivered them to the sheriff, who returned no property found. This, as to those claims, was all that he was required to do. *3 (3) A creditor whose claim is purely legal, must have judgment and execution before he can maintain a bill to set aside a fraudulent deed. (4.) But in an amended bill, he sets up a demand for a considerable sum, upon another note, and an open account against Grimes, upon which no suit had been prosecuted at law. These were claims of a purely legal nature, and cognizable in a court of of law, and there is no fact alleged which conduces to show that there was any thing to hinder or obstruct a recovery thereon of a judgment at law. But the circuit court had decreed those demands to be paid to the complainant, as well as the amount of his judgment at law. The decree, therefore, so far as it relates to those claims, is clearly erroneous. (4) A creditor who has a fraudulent deed properly set aside for the satisfaction of one demand, can not unite to it another purely legal, and of which nothing obstructed a recovery at law. Another question which is made in the case, is, whether the other creditors of Grimes were necessary parties to the suit. (5.) Whether, in any case, the creditors claiming under a deed are necessary parties to a suit brought to set aside the deed on the ground of its being fraudulent, is a point we do not think material to be decided in this case; for be that as it may, the objection for the want of parties, can not be availing. (5) Are the creditors claiming under a deed of trust, necessary parties to a bill to set it aside for fraud. (6.) There are no creditors named in the deed, and it does not appear from the bill who are creditors, or in fact, whether there are, in truth, any creditors or not who are not parties; and where it does not appear from the face of a bill, that there are others who ought to be parties, but are not, the objection can only be taken by plea or answer, disclosing who are proper parties, and relying upon the objection; but here this matter was not noticed in the court below, and is, for the first time, relied on in this court. (6) Where the creditors in a deed of trust are not named, they are not necessary parties to a bill to set it aside. Where it does not appear from the bill, that there are necessary parties omitted, it can be taken advantage of only by plea or answer disclosing the names and relying on the objection. The decree must be reversed with costs, and the cause remanded that a decree may be entered not inconsistent herewith. Haggin, Huston and Sharp, for plaintiffs; Crittenden and Breckinridge, for defendants. 
