 *2 Statement. On the 31st of August, 1818, James Kelly executed to Joseph Ward a deed of trust for his cotton factory, machinery, looms, bales of cotton, &c., together with the lot on which the factory was erected, in consideration of one dollar, and the further consideration of the trusts therein expressed. The deed, after reciting that Kelly was justly indebted to Ward in the sum of $600, for money lent, and to five or six other persons named sums therein specified for money lent, adds, "And also to divers other persons, for claims not now recollected, and being under embarrassed circumstances and without money to meet those claims, makes this transfer to prevent a sacrifice of his property, which he deems ample for the payment of his debts. If, therefore, the said James Kelly shall pay and satisfy the claims above enumerated, as well as other just debts now due against him, and others hereafter contracted, coming due hereafter within one year from and after the date hereof, then the deed to be void, and the property to be reconveyed and restored." Clause in the deed of trust fatal to its validity. The deed then provides, in case Kelly should fail to pay his debts within that time, that Ward should sell, and directs him, "To apply the proceeds to the payment of the debts of said Kelly, giving preference to those above enumerated." In the mean time, Kelly, as was further provided by the deed, was to work the factory, and was authorized to make private sales of the property with the assent of Ward, the trustee; but no disposition was to contravene the object of the deed, "Which (as the deed itself states) is expressly made and designed to secure the payment of his debts with said property, and avoid its sacrifice at the discretion of his creditors." Kelly having failed to pay his debts within the year after the date of the deed of trust, Ward sold at public auction the property thereby conveyed, and William Ardery became the purchaser, at the price of $3,000; to whom Ward conveyed, by deed bearing date the 24th September, 1819; and Ardery sold and conveyed the property, by deed, bearing date the next day, to John Porter and Andrew F. McMillan, at the price of $3,350 90 cents. At the time of executing the deed of trust, by Kelly to Ward, Trotter & Co. had a suit at law depending against Kelly, upon a note for $800, and shortly afterwards they brought against him two other suits, one upon a note and the other upon an open account. All of these suits they prosecuted to judgment, and issued executions thereon; but the sheriff to whom they were delivered, was unable to find property wherewith to satisfy them. In this state of things Trotter & Co. filed their bill to set aside the deed of trust from Kelly to Ward, as well as the deeds from Ward to Ardery, and from the latter to Porter and McMillan, on the ground of their being fraudulent and void as to creditors, and to subject the property thereby conveyed to be sold in satisfaction of their judgments; and they made Kelly, Ward, Ardery, Porter and McMillan defendants. *3 Bill. Each of them in his answer denies the deed of trust to be fraudulent, and the three latter insist that they are innocent purchasers for a valuable consideration, paid without notice. On a final hearing, the circuit court decreed the deed of trust from Kelly to Ward, as well as the subsequent deeds from Ward to Ardery, and from the latter to Porter and McMillan, to be cancelled and set aside, and directed the property to be sold, &c., and to that decree the defendants in the court below have prosecuted this writ of error. Decree of the circuit court. There were no depositions taken in the cause, and the question, whether the deed of trust is fraudulent or not, must depend upon the evidence arising out of the circumstances of Kelly, and from the face of the deed itself. In a deed of trust, inability of grantor to pay all his debts, and pendency of suits against him, tho' signs of fraud, are not themselves sufficient to condemn a deed made for a valuable consideration, with an honest intent and lawful purpose. The pendency of a suit against Kelly by the complainants, at the time of the execution of the deed of trust, and his embarrassed circumstances, together with his acknowledged inability to pay his debts, are, no doubt, badges or signs of fraud; but they can not in themselves be deemed sufficient to establish the fraud, if the deed be otherwise shewn to be made for a valuable consideration, with an honest intent, and for a lawful purpose. On the score of the want of consideration, the deed, we apprehend, is not liable to be impeached. We ascribe no importance to the consideration of one dollar mentioned in the deed. That would indeed be sufficient to pass the legal title as against the grantor, but as against creditors and purchasers, it would, were it the only consideration, be deemed merely nominal, and the deed of course would be voluntary, and consequently fraudulent and void as to them. "One dollar" consideration in a deed of trust, tho' sufficient as against grantor, as against creditors is looked on as nominal only. But the deed is made to Ward to secure a debt due to him from Kelly for money lent, and this circumstance does in itself constitute a sufficient consideration, not only to pass the title as against the grantor, but to protect the deed from the imputation of fraud as to creditors and purchasers, so far as that imputation may be attempted to be founded upon the supposed insufficiency of the consideration. Conveyances to secure honest debts are good, as for consideration against both creditors and purchasers. But, although a deed be made for a valuable and adequate consideration, yet if the intent with which it is made, be dishonest or unlawful, the deed will be deemed fraudulent. Sufficiency of consideration will not, however avail when the intention is fraudulent and unlawful, for it is this that vitiates the deed. It is in fact the intention which makes a deed fraudulent, or otherwise, and all circumstances are material only in the degree in which they conduce to the establishment of the intention. *4 There is certainly nothing unlawful or dishonest in making a conveyance with intention to secure the payment of a man's debts, nor in doing this, can it be deemed unlawful to prefer, as it was the intention of Kelly to do in this case, some of his creditors to others; for as a man may lawfully pay some of his creditors before others, so he may lawfully secure the payment of some in preference to others. It is not unlawful for a debtor by deed of trust to prefer one creditor. But, besides the intention to secure the payment of his debts, and the intention of prefering some of his creditors to others, Kelly has avowed another and further intention in making the deed of trust to Ward; and that is, to prevent his creditors from sacrificing his property at their discretion. How were his creditors to sacrifice his property? They could only do so by having it taken and sold under execution in satisfaction of their debts, and this it was lawful for them to do. The deed must therefore have been made, according to the repeated avowals of Kelly on its face, with the intent or purpose to prevent or hinder his creditors from effectively using the lawful means of obtaining the payment of their debts. Such an intent is evidently dishonest and unlawful, and a conveyance made with that intent or purpose, is forbidden by the statute against frauds and perjuries, and declared to be void as to creditors and purchasers. To prevent a sacrifice of grantor's property under execution, is, as to creditors, a fraudulent purpose of a deed of trust, and such a declaration on its face vitiates it as to them. If, then, the deed of trust from Kelly to Ward, be on its face fraudulent and void, there is no difficulty in saying, that neither Ardery, nor Porter and McMillan can protect themselves, on the ground of the want of notice. For each of their deeds refers to the deed from Kelly to Ward, recites the conveyance made therein in trust, and the sale under the deed, and purports on its face to derive title through it; and it is well settled, that any one who takes a deed which refers to another, must be presumed to have notice of the contents of that other. Purchasers under such a deed, whose conveyances refer to it, have notice, and creditors may reach the estate in their hands. The decree must, therefore, be affirmed with costs. PETITION FOR A REHEARING, BY G. M. BIBB, ESQ. December 3. In this case, the creditor, Ward, who was also trustee, did accept the deed of trust--yet his debt and lien is by the decree disregarded. The specified creditors provided for in the deed of trust are not made parties, their debts are not controverted in the bill; yet their lien is by the decree disregarded. A deed, which is made to one creditor, whose debt, is admitted by the bill to be just, and by him accepted in trust to secure his debt and other specified bona fide debts, and afterwards for payment of all the debts, has been declared void, upon the ground that it was calculated to delay creditors. *5 The statute of Kentucky, like the statute of England, uses the words "contrived of malice, fraud, covin, collusion or guile, to the intent or purpose to delay, hinder or defraud creditors." The delay of creditors is not enough to avoid the deed--it must have been had or made or contrived of fraud, malice, covin or collusion. So are all the decisions in England on that statute--so are the decisions which have been upon the statutes copied from the English statute. The authorities cited in the brief fully supported that position. The record contains not a deposition nor proof of fraud, covin, guile, or collusion--it gives preference to certain creditors, but provides for all. It is respectfully suggested that such a deed can not upon its face be fraudulent, and that the authorities cited in the brief prove incontestably that it is no objection to a deed of trust that it gives preference to one or more creditors over others--that fraud, collusion, covin and guile are essential ingredients to vacate the deed. In this case, honest, bona fide creditors, whose debts are not impeached, who advanced their money upon an agreement for a lien on the property, are deprived of that lien without being made parties. It is respectfully suggested to the court that the opinion rendered in this case has departed from the well settled constructions of the statute of frauds. A rehearing is solicited. BIBB. Authorities cited in the brief.--Stephens v. Bell, 6 Mass. T. R. 339--13 Viner 522. Murray v. Biggs, 15 John, 571. Roberts on Fraud Ch. 4 s2 436-7. Chancellor of Oxford's case 10.  Co. 56-7. 1 Binney 502. Wilks v. Farris, 5 John, 335. 3 Cranch 89, &c., 3 John. Ch. Ca., 458. April 5. On this petition the decision of the court was suspended until the present term, when the motion for a rehearing was overruled, and the opinion and decree of affirmance stand unaltered. Bibb, for plaintiff; Triplett and Monroe for defendants. 
