(Cite as: 1 A.K.Marsh. 43,  8 Ky. 43 (Ky.),  1817 WL 1139 (Ky.)) C Court of Appeals of Kentucky. Tunstal v. Taylor et al. Oct. 18, 1817. *1 ON AN APPEAL FROM A DECREE OF THE FRANKLIN CIRCUIT COURT. West Headnotes Specific Performance 358 k 17 358 Specific Performance 358I Nature and Grounds of Remedy in General 358k17 k. Persons Entitled to Enforce Performance. Most Cited Cases Where a party to a contract has failed to perform his part, a purchaser under him cannot claim specific execution of the contract;  but if the failure was only partial, the assignee would be entitled to reasonable compensation for services rendered by the assignor. CHIEF JUSTICE BOYLE DELIVERED THE OPINION OF THE COURT: Daviess having, by his agreement, undertaken, as a lawyer, to clear up or settle the disputes which are proven to exist upon the land in question, and not having done so, until he departed this life, whereby it became impossible for him to perform his part of the contract; Mrs. Tunstal, claiming by purchase under Daviess, can not, in equity, be entitled to a specific execution of the contract on the part of Foster. As it appears, however, that Daviess had appeared for Foster in a suit by an adverse claimant, although the dispute was not settled as to that claimant, the suit having abated by his death; yet Daviess was equitably entitled to a reasonable compensation for his services, and Mrs. Tunstal claiming under him, has a right thereto in equity, as his assignee. Until she receives such compensation, therefore, as well as a compensation for improvements, if there should be a balance in her favor after deducting therefrom the amount of rents and profits, she ought to retain the possession. The decree dismissing the bill, must be reversed with cost, and the cause remanded for proceedings to be had not inconsistent with the foregoing opinion. Specific execution of a contract will not be decreed unless the consideration has been paid. If a part of the consideration has been paid, and the residue unattainable, the vendee or his assignee, is to retain possession of the land until satisfied for the advance and improvements, subject, nevertheless, to rents. Bibb for appellant, Pope and Hardin for appellees. 
