 *2 Statement of the case. This was an action brought by W. and E. Layman against Harrison Bell and John Loder, for the conversion of two-thirds of an auger for boring wells. The suit was abated as to Loder, by the return of the sheriff, and Bell pleaded the general issue, on the trial of which it was proved that the plaintiffs and Loder were the joint owners of the auger in question, and that Loder took the auger to bore a well in partnership with Bell; and after they had used it for that purpose, the auger was taken and sold in virtue of an attachment for Loder and Bell's debt. On this evidence, Bell moved the court to instruct the jury to find as in case of a nonsuit; but the court overruled the motion and he excepted. The jury having found a verdict for the plaintiffs, Bell moved the court to arrest the judgment, on the ground that an action of trover and conversion would not lie for the two-thirds of the auger; but the court overruled the motion, and rendered judgment for the plaintiffs, to which Bell prosecutes this writ of error. (1.) We will first consider the point made on the motion in arrest of judgment. It is well settled, where one of several part-owners of a thing, whether they be joint tenants or tenants in common does an act which amounts to a conversion, that the other may maintain an action for the conversion; and as in such an action the plaintiffs could only recover the value of their shares, we can see no rational ground of objection to their asserting in their writ and declaration, a claim to so much only as they have a right to recover. (1) One part owner of a thing may maintain trover and conversion against his co-tenant. In such case the declaration is good for the plaintiff's part only. (2.) It is true, where the action is brought against a stranger, all the joint tenants or tenants in common ought to join; but if they do not, the matter can be taken advantage of, to defeat the recovery, to the extent of the plaintiff's right only, by pleading it in abatement; and to the validity of such a plea, it is obviously essential, as one joint tenant or tenant in common can maintain the action against another, that the plea should show that some person, not a party to the action, was a part-owner of the thing with the plaintiff. (2) The non-joinder with the plaintiff, of a part owner, can be taken advantage of to defeat the recovery for the plaintiff's interest, by plea in abatement only. The plea in such case must show that the partowner is not defendant. (3.) If, indeed, such appeared to be the case from the declaration itself, the defendant might, no doubt, without pleading it, take advantage of that matter by demurrer or in arrest of judgment; for it can never be necessary for the defendant to plead that which the plaintiff himself has shown by his own pleadings. But in this case, although the declaration shows that the plaintiffs are owners in part only, of the thing for which they sue, it does not appear that the defendant is not owner of the residue, and therefore there is not apparent upon the face of the declaration, sufficient to show that the action was improperly brought for the two-thirds of the auger only; and consequently, the circuit court was correct in overruling the motion in arrest of judgment. *3 (3) If a nonjoinder appear from the declaration, either demurrer or motion in arrest of judgment will avail; otherwise neither will, though the declaration be for only part of them. (4.) It remains, then, in the second place, to enquire whether or not the circuit court erred in refusing to instruct the jury to find as in case of a nonsuit. (4) The use of goods by a stranger, in common with one part owner, is not a conversion by the stranger, of the other part owners' share. To support the action, two points were necessary to be proved: 1st, Property in the plaintiff; and 2dly, a conversion by the defendant, Bell. Property in the plaintiffs, to the extent necessary to maintain the action, was indisputably proved; so that the only point of controversy is as to the proof of a conversion by Bell. The use of the auger by him in partnership with Loder, who was a joint owner with the plaintiffs, can not, we imagine, be pretended to amount to a conversion. (5.) The only other fact which the proof conduces to establish, that can be relied on as a conversion of the auger by Bell, is, that it was taken and sold for his and Loder's debt; but this, we think can not amount, upon legal principles, to a conversion. (5) A sale by process of law of a thing in possession of one part owner and a stranger, for their debt, is not a conversion by them of the other part owners share. (6.) Had the auger been taken and sold by virtue of the attachment for the sole debt of Bell, there would have been some color for supposing it to be a conversion by him. Even in that case, however, unless there had been some proof conducing to show his assent to the seizure and sale, we should have had some hesitation in saying that it amounted to a conversion. He would doubtlessly have been liable for the amount to which his own debt had been thereby extinguished; but a different form of action would appear to have ??een a more appropriate remedy. Be that, however, as it may, it is not material now to decide; for the auger was taken and sold, not for his sole debt, but for the joint debt of him and Loder; and if the seizure and sale did not amount to a conversion by the latter, it is apparent that they can not be considered to amount to a conversion by the former; for, as the seizure and sale were made for the joint debt of both of them, they must have both been equally in default, and if both were not guilty of a conversion neither can be. (6) A sale by process of law, for the debt, of the bailee, is a conversion in him, if he assented; otherwise, quaere. (7.) That Loder could not thereby be charged with the conversion of the auger, upon legal principles, is evident. Even if he had voluntarily sold the property himself, in discharge of the debt, he would not have been liable for a conversion; for, being a joint owner with the plaintiffs, nothing short of a destruction of the auger can amount to a conversion by him, for which he would be liable in this form of action, and a sale by him could not be deemed equivalent to a destruction of the auger. 3 Selw. N. P. 1154-5, and note 8. *4 (7) A sale by a part owner of goods, is not a conversion; nothing short of a destruction of the goods, will amount to it. The judgment must be reversed with costs, and the cause remanded for a new trial to be had, not inconsistent herewith. Daniel, for plaintiff; Triplett and Short, for defendants. 
